Wide Charcoal Ram

High

# An attacker can cancel any raffle immediately after the prize manager locks the prize.

### Summary

An issue in the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract allows any raffle to be canceled before the `createRaffle()` function is called. This can disrupt the raffle process and lead to unintended cancellations.



### Root Cause

The vulnerability lies in the fact that there is no access control in `cancelRaffle()` and a raffle can be canceled if its status is `RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED`. 

Please see the below code 

```solidity
    function cancelRaffle(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
@>     _checkShouldCancel(raffleId);
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278C5-L279C38

```solidity
    function _checkShouldCancel(uint256 raffleId) internal view {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
@>      if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L434C5-L436C64

This condition can be exploited before the raffle is officially created via the `createRaffle()` function. An attacker can use this to cancel any raffle, potentially leading to the disruption of the raffle process.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Admin need to lock prize in `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract using `lockNFT()/lockETH()/lockTokens()` 

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Attacker monitors for the `RafflePrizeLocked` event to be emitted.
2. Upon detecting the event, the attacker calls `cancelRaffle()` with the `raffleId` extracted from the `RafflePrizeLocked` event.

### Impact

This vulnerability allows an attacker to cancel any raffle before its actual creation, causing a complete disruption of the normal functioning of the protocol.







### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Restrict the cancelRaffle() function to be accessible only by the admin, ensuring that only authorized personnel can cancel a raffle, particularly before the createRaffle() function is called.