Strong Sangria Yak

High

# Raffle Cancellation by Unauthorized Users

## **Description:**
The `cancelRaffle` function in the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract allows any user to cancel a raffle by calling the function, provided that specific conditions are met. However, this function lacks proper access control, meaning that any user can invoke it, which poses a potential vulnerability.

The conditions for triggering the cancellation include receiving a `_ccipReceive` message from a cross-chain source, which changes the state of the raffle by executing the following code:

```solidity
_raffles[raffleId].status = RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED;
```

Once the raffle's status is set to `PRIZE_LOCKED`, the `cancelRaffle` function can be called because it internally invokes `_checkShouldCancel`. The `_checkShouldCancel` function, in turn, returns early when the following condition is met:

```solidity
if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;
```

This condition allows the cancellation process to proceed under certain scenarios, even if the intention was to prevent such an action.

When the `createRaffle` function is called, the initial state of the raffle might not prevent an unauthorized user from canceling it.

## Proof of Concept
1. **Scenario 1**:
   - A raffle is created and eventually the `_ccipReceive` function is triggered.
   - The status of the raffle is updated to `PRIZE_LOCKED`:
     ```solidity
     _raffles[raffleId].status = RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED;
     ```
   - An unauthorized user can now call the `cancelRaffle` function, which will execute successfully because `_checkShouldCancel` returns early:
     ```solidity
     if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;
     ```
   - The raffle is canceled without any restrictions, potentially causing financial loss and disrupting the raffle process.

2. **Scenario 2**:
   - The `createRaffle` function is called to create a new raffle.
   - Due to the lack of proper access control, an unauthorized user can trigger the `cancelRaffle` function soon after the raffle is created.
   - If the initial state of the raffle does not adequately prevent unauthorized cancellation, the raffle is prematurely canceled, leading to unexpected behavior and potential financial losses.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278


## Impact
- **Disruption of Operations:** An unauthorized user can cancel raffles, disruption of the raffle system.


## Tool used

Manual Review
## Recommendation: 
Implement Role-Based Access Control Using OpenZeppelin's Role Library