Fresh Corduroy Bird

High

# Anybody can cancel raffles if it is in PRIZE_LOCKED state

## Summary
An attacker can prevent Raffles from happening by canceling every Raffle which is in `PRIZE_LOCKED` state by calling CancelRaffle function right after CCIP prize locked message arrives Avalanche chain causing DoS.

## Vulnerability Detail

Raffle status will be set to `PRIZE_LOCKED` right after the CCIP prize locked message is delivered to `TicketManager` contract on Avalanche from `PrizeManager` contract on ETH Mainnet.  But if the Raffle is in `PRIZE_LOCKED` anybody can cancel it as `_checkShouldCancel` function returns without making any checks. So an attacker can prevent Raffles from happening forever by calling calling `cancelRaffle` function right after the CCIP message delivers to `TicketManager` contract.

```solidity
    function _checkShouldCancel(uint256 raffleId) internal view {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        // @audit-issue  anybody can cancel raffles if it is in PRIZE_LOCKED state
        if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.IDLE) revert InvalidRaffle();
        if (raffle.endsAt > block.timestamp) revert RaffleIsStillOpen();
        uint256 supply = IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).supplyOf(raffleId);
        if (supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached();
    }
```

**PoC**

1. Admin locks 10 ETH on ETH Mainnet.
2. A CCIP prize locked message is sent to Avalanche from ETH Mainnet
3. `TicketManager` contract on Avalanche receives that CCIP messages and changes the status of Raffle to `PRIZE_LOCKED`.
4. Attacker calls `cancelRaffle` and the Raffle will be cancels as it is in `PRIZE_LOCKED` state.
5. Attacker can stop Raffles from happening forever by canceling each and every Raffle like this.

## Impact
An attacker can prevent Raffles from happening forever causing DoS

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L436

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove this line `if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;` or add access control to `cancelRaffle` function.
