Huge Fossilized Turtle

High

# Malicious user will completely DoS the protocol and waste all LINK tokens of the protocol

### Summary

[WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278) calls [WinnablesTicketManager::_checkShouldCancel()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L434) to figure out if the ticket should be canceled. In the latter, it returns if the prize is of status `LOCKED`. Prizes are `LOCKED` when they just sent via cross chain message from `WinnablesPrizeManager` to [WinnablesTicketManager::_ccipReceive()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L365). Thus, as soon as the prize becomes `LOCKED`, it's possible to cancel right away and DoS the raffle maliciously. This would cost the protocol 2 (or 3 to send it again) cross chain messages each time: 
1. `WinnablesPrizeManager::lockNFT()/ETH()/Tokens()` -> `WinnablesTicketManager::_ccipReceive()` 
2. `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle()` -> `WinnablesPrizeManager::_ccipReceive()`
3. (Optionally) repeat 1 to try to start the raffle

The admin is the one sponsoring the link tokens so this would be a significant loss and complete DoS.

### Root Cause

In `WinnablesTicketManager:436`, it returns if the prize is `LOCKED`, so it may be canceled as soon as it becomes `LOCKED` by a malicious user.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Admin calls `WinnablesPrizeManager::lockNFT()/ETH()/Tokens()` which sends a cross chain message to `WinnablesTicketManager`.
2. The cross chain message in 1 arrives and `WinnablesTicketManager::_ccipReceive()` is called and the prize becomes locked.
3. Malicious users call `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle()`, canceling the raffle and sending a cross chain message to `WinnablesPrizeManager`.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

None.

### Impact

Complete DoS of the protocol and waste of `LINK` for the protocol.

### PoC

`WinnablesTicketManager` can be confirmed to allow canceling a raffle if the prize is `LOCKED`.

### Mitigation

This functionality was likely added to allow admins to cancle raffles before users start buying if they wish to. However, the call is permissionless so any malicious user can abuse this and DoS the protocol and waste `LINK`. If the raffle is canceled before it starts, it should be done only by the admin (or the creator of the prize, but this info is not available in `WinnablesTicketManager`), which is fine as the prize is theirs.