Restless Green Salmon

Medium

# The Attacker will Cancel  the Raffle In PRIZE_LOCKED

### Summary

Allowing anyone to cancel the raffle when it is in the state `PRIZE_LOCKED` will result in no raffles being created.


### Root Cause

In the `WinnablesTicketManager::435` function, `_checkShouldCancel` will return `true` if the raffle is in the state `PRIZE_LOCKED`:

```solidity
if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;
```
And  any one  to cancel the Raffle.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. When the admin calls the `LockXYZ` function in the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract, it triggers the `_ccipReceive()` function on the destination chain.
2. On the destination chain, a raffle is added with a status of `PRIZE_LOCKED`.
3. After this, the raffle is created, and users can begin purchasing tickets.

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278-L288](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278-L288)


### External pre-conditions

1. The attacker can set up a bot to call the `cancelRaffle` function before the `createRaffle` function or front-run the `createRaffle` function.
2. Once the raffle is canceled, it cannot be created again.


### Attack Path

1. A user with `{Role 1}` calls the `LOCKETH` function on the Ethereum Mainnet.
2. This function sends a cross-chain message to the Avalanche chain, where it creates a raffle with a status of `PRIZE_LOCKED`.
3. The attacker checks for a raffle with the status `PRIZE_LOCKED` and calls the `cancelRaffle` function.
5. The raffle is canceled, causing any subsequent calls to `createRaffle` to fail.
6. The attacker can repeat this process, as the costs on Avalanche are low, and the LINK tokens will be used from the `WinnablesTicketManager`.

### Impact

An attacker can prevent  or DoS the creation of a raffle by either front-running the `createRaffle` function or by checking if the raffle status is `PRIZE_LOCKED` and canceling it.

### PoC

 Link for Gist :
[https://gist.github.com/amankakar/d494663d16865e47e3c0e32a3195b944](https://gist.github.com/amankakar/d494663d16865e47e3c0e32a3195b944)

### Mitigation

Do not allow any one to cancel Raffle. 