Tall Ultraviolet Porcupine

Medium

# Attacker can block admin from creating a raffle, potentially disrupting the protocol

### Summary

After the admin locks assets for prizes in the prize manager and the CCIP message is received in the ticket manager, which changes the raffle status to `PRIZE_LOCKED`, two actions can occur:
1. The admin creates a raffle using `createRaffle`.
2. Any user cancels the raffle using `cancelRaffle`.

If the `cancelRaffle` function is executed before `createRaffle`, it will permanently block the admin's ability to create a raffle for the given raffleId, forcing the admin to re-lock the prizes and attempt to create the raffle again. This scenario could potentially repeat indefinitely, preventing the successful creation of the raffle.

### Root Cause

The ability for any user to execute `cancelRaffle` immediately after a raffle is initiated.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The admin must lock a prize in the `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol` contract.
2. The `WinnablesTicketManager.sol` must receive the CCIP message and change the raffle status to `PRIZE_LOCKED`.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. The attacker monitors the change in raffle status on Avalanche by observing the mempool or listening for the `RafflePrizeLocked` event.
2. After the status change, the attacker calls the `cancelRaffle` function, which cancels the raffle and unlocks the assets designated for prizes.

### Impact

1. The protocol incurs a loss due to CCIP transmission fees in `WinnablesTicketManager` caused by the attacker.
2. The protocol also incurs losses related to re-locking the assets for prizes in `WinnablesPrizeManager`.
3. The core functionality of the application (raffle creation) will not work properly—either no new raffles will be created, or only those for which the admin manages to call `createRaffle` in time will succeed.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

The `createRaffle` function should have execution priority over `cancelRaffle`. This could be implemented by adding a restriction that only the admin can cancel a raffle when its status is `PRIZE_LOCKED`.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/e8b0603f6a155c7505dacc77194ae6789d0dbe7a/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L436-L437
