Proud Pistachio Tardigrade

High

# Reentrancy in claimPrize() at WinnablesPrizeManager.sol

### Summary


The claimPrize() function in the WinnablesPrizeManager.sol contract is vulnerable to reentrancy. The vulnerability is located in the logic that handles the transfer of different types of prizes (NFTs, tokens, and ETH) before updating the internal state of the contract. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to repeatedly call the claimPrize function through the callback from the ETH transfer and drain the contract.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L105-L124

File: WinnablesPrizeManager.sol

105:     function claimPrize(uint256 raffleId) external { //@audit reentrancy
106:         RafflePrize storage rafflePrize = _rafflePrize[raffleId];
107:         RaffleType raffleType = rafflePrize.raffleType;
..
116:         } else if (raffleType == RaffleType.ETH) {
117:             unchecked { _ethLocked -= _ethRaffles[raffleId]; }
118:             _sendETHPrize(_ethRaffles[raffleId], msg.sender);
119:         } else revert InvalidRaffle();
120:         if (msg.sender != rafflePrize.winner) revert UnauthorizedToClaim();
121:         if (rafflePrize.status == RafflePrizeStatus.CLAIMED) revert AlreadyClaimed();
122:         rafflePrize.status = RafflePrizeStatus.CLAIMED;
123:         emit PrizeClaimed(raffleId, msg.sender);
124:     }


### Root Cause

The function doesn't follow the checks-effects-interactions pattern and doesn't have a reentrancy guard nonReentrant modifier in place.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. The attacker calls claimPrize, initiating a prize claim.

2. Before the contract updates the rafflePrize.status to CLAIMED, the attacker triggers a fallback function in the recipient contract that re-enters claimPrize.

3. The reentrant call proceeds to claim the same prize again, as the internal state indicating the prize has been claimed (rafflePrize.status) has not yet been updated.

4.This process can be repeated, allowing the attacker to drain the contract of its assets.

### Impact

An attacker can drain the contract of its assets.

### PoC



### Mitigation

1. Refactor the function to follow the checks-effects-interactions pattern. Ensure all state changes are made before external calls are performed. 

2. Add a reentrancy guard modifier to the function.