Mammoth Stone Grasshopper

Medium

# Incorrect implementation of `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawTokens` makes it impossible to partially withdraw a token

### Summary

The `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawTokens` function is incorrectly implemented, causing it to revert when attempting to withdraw a partial amount of tokens. Instead of allowing partial withdrawals, the function mistakenly disallows any withdrawal if the [amount requested is smaller than the current balance](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L295). This prevents the contract admin from executing partial token withdrawals.


### Root Cause

The root cause of this issue is a logical error in the withdrawTokens function:
1. The function contains a condition that checks whether the withdrawal amount is less than the total balance.
2. Instead of allowing the withdrawal if this condition is true, the function reverts, effectively blocking partial withdrawals.


### Internal pre-conditions

There must be some token balance in the contract.


### External pre-conditions

The contract admin must attempt to withdraw a token amount smaller than the current balance.


### Attack Path

1. The contract admin initiates a withdrawal calling `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawTokens`.
2. The admin specifies an amount that is less than the total token balance in the contract.
3. The function incorrectly reverts the transaction due to the flawed condition.


### Impact

This bug restricts the admin from performing partial withdrawals, which might be necessary for managing the tokens balances. This can lead to inefficiencies when it is necessary to maintain token balance in the contract, such as LINK.


### PoC

The test below, which can be added to the hardhat test suite, shows that the function call will revert with `InsufficientBalance` even though there was enough balance

```javascript
  describe('Link withdrawal reversal', () => {
    before(async () => {
      snapshot = await helpers.takeSnapshot();
    });

    after(async () => {
      await snapshot.restore();
    });
    const buyers = [];


    it('Will revert withdrawal of less than the full balance of LINK', async () => {
      await (await link.mint(manager.address, ethers.utils.parseEther('100'))).wait();
      const balance = await link.balanceOf(manager.address);
      const halfBalance = balance.div(2); // Withdraw half of the balance
      await expect(manager.withdrawTokens(link.address, halfBalance)).to.be.revertedWithCustomError(
        manager,
        'InsufficientBalance'
      );
    });
  });
```

### Mitigation

Correct the function logic:

```Diff
    function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
+       if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
-       if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```
