Mammoth Stone Grasshopper

High

# Admin can prevent users from getting their prizes by using a malicious CCIP counterpart to unlock locked prize assets

### Summary

The `WinnablesPrizeManager::_ccipReceive` function is responsible for unlocking prizes so they can be sent to the raffle winners. This function ensures that only messages from [valid CCIP counterparts](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L265) are processed. However, the admin has the ability to add new CCIP counterparts using the [`WinnablesPrizeManager::setCCIPCounterpart`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L134) function. This means that a malicious or compromised admin could deploy a fraudulent CCIP counterpart and use it to send messages that unlock prizes without the raffle being canceled or fulfilled, allowing them to manipulate the prize distribution process. This would go against the protocol's design choice that "Winnables admins cannot do anything to prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize".

### Root Cause

The root cause of this vulnerability is the unchecked power of the admin to add new CCIP counterparts, with the unchecked power of CCIP counterparts to unlock prizes:
1. The admin can add any address as a valid CCIP counterpart.
2. Any CCIP can unlock the raffle prizes.

### Internal pre-conditions

There must be some locked prize in the contract.
The admin must add a new CCIP counterpart.

### External pre-conditions

The admin must deploy a malicious CCIP counterpart and use it to send a message to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract unlocking a locked prize.

### Attack Path

1. The admin deploys a malicious CCIP counterpart contract.
2. The admin uses `WinnablesPrizeManager::setCCIPCounterpart` to add this malicious contract as a valid CCIP counterpart.
3. The malicious contract sends a message via CCIP that triggers the `WinnablesPrizeManager::_ccipReceive` function, also triggering the unlocking of a prize. This can be done in two ways:
3.1 The malicious CCIP counterpart contract can deploy a message informing that the raffle was canceled.
3.2 The malicious CCIP counterpart contract can deploy a message informing that the raffle winner is any address controled by the admin.
4. The prize is unlocked and can be transferred out via any of the withdrawal methods in the contract, bypassing the normal conditions of raffle cancellation or fulfillment.

### Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is critical, as it allows the admin to unlock and potentially misappropriate prizes without following the intended raffle process. This undermines the integrity of the raffle system.

### PoC

The test below, already in the [project's test suite](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/test/PrizeManager.js#L293), shows that a newly added CCIP Counterpart can unlock tokens:

```javascript
it('Can unlock the tokens with a cancel message', async () => {
      await (await manager.setCCIPCounterpart(counterpartContractAddress, 1, true)).wait();
      const tx = await whileImpersonating(ccipRouter.address, ethers.provider, async (signer) =>
        manager.connect(signer).ccipReceive({
          messageId: ethers.constants.HashZero,
          sourceChainSelector: 1,
          sender: '0x' + counterpartContractAddress.slice(-40).padStart(64, '0'),
          data: '0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001',
          destTokenAmounts: []
        })
      );
      const { events } = await tx.wait();
      expect(events).to.have.lengthOf(1);
      expect(events[0].event).to.eq('PrizeUnlocked');
      const prize = await manager.getRaffle(1);
      expect(prize.raffleType).to.eq(1);
      expect(prize.status).to.eq(2);
      expect(prize.winner).to.eq(ethers.constants.AddressZero);
    });
```

### Mitigation

This issue can be mitigated by setting the CCIP counterparts in the contract's constructor and not allowing for it to be changed.