Amusing Boysenberry Kitten

High

# Lack of input parameter check in propagateRaffleWinner

## Summary
In propagateRaffleWinner(), the message should be sent to Ethereum/WinnablesPrizeManager. And Ethereum:WinnablesPrizeManager can receive this message and then the winner can claim rewards. If the input parameter `chainSelector``prizeManager` is not Ethereum, WinnablesPrizeManager, the winner cannot claim rewards in Ethereum.

## Vulnerability Detail
In propagateRaffleWinner(), anyone can trigger the function to publish this raffle's final winner. And this function needs to send one message to Ethereum/WinnablesPrizeManager. Because the winner needs to claim rewards in Ethereum. 
However, the problem is that we lack of input parameter check for `prizeManager` and `chainSelector`. If these parameters are incorrect(not zero), this function will be executed normally, but the message cannot be delivered to Ethereum/WinnablesPrizeManger correctly. This will cause the winner cannot claim the rewards.
```solidity
    function propagateRaffleWinner(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.FULFILLED) revert InvalidRaffleStatus();
        raffle.status = RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED;
        address winner = _getWinnerByRequestId(raffle.chainlinkRequestId);

        _sendCCIPMessage(prizeManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.WINNER_DRAWN), raffleId, winner));
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
        unchecked {
            _lockedETH -= raffle.totalRaised;
        }
    }
```

## Impact
The winner cannot claim the rewards.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L345

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add input parameter check in propagateRaffleWinner(). We need to make sure the message should be sent to Ethereum/WinnablesPrizeManager correctly.