Prehistoric Metal Rabbit

High

# `WinnablesTicketManager.refundPlayers()` never updates `_lockedETH`, causing subsequent protocol revenues to be permanently locked

### Summary

When a raffle is cancelled and players are refunded, `WinnablesTicketManager.refundPlayers()` does not subtract `_lockedETH`, causing wrong accounting. Said wrong accounting will cause future raffles' ticket sales revenue to be permanently stuck in the contract, locking protocol revenue.

### Root Cause

When a user buys a ticket for a raffle, they have to pay for the ticket in AVAX. Said AVAX is then accounted for in `_lockedETH`, so as to prevent even the admin from maliciously withdrawing it:

```solidity
function buyTickets(
    uint256 raffleId,
    uint16 ticketCount,
    uint256 blockNumber,
    bytes calldata signature
) external payable {
    // ...
        _lockedETH += msg.value;
    // ...
}
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L206

If a raffle is successfully drawn and the results are propagated to the ETH mainnet, the locked AVAX is released:

```solidity
function propagateRaffleWinner(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
    // ... 
    unchecked {
        _lockedETH -= raffle.totalRaised;
    }
}
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L342-L344

And then the protocol can withdraw that AVAX using `withdrawETH()` as protocol revenue.

If a raffle is cancelled, players who bought tickets can have their funds fully refunded using `refundPlayers()`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L215

However, note that `_lockedETH` is never subtracted when players are refunded. This will cause the contract to transfer the AVAX out without decreasing the locked amount, causing the `_lockedETH` amount to be higher than the actual contract balance. 

As a result, in subsequent raffle draws, a certain amount of AVAX (exactly equal to the amount refundable) will be locked within the contract, not withdrawable by the admin.

See attack path section for a step-by-step demonstration.


### Internal pre-conditions

A raffle has to be cancelled at some point (in which case the players will be refunded). The potential amount stuck is exactly the total sales during the cancelled raffle.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Admin starts a raffle, tickets are sellable. 
2. The total tickets sales amount to 50 AVAX.
    - At this point, `_lockedETH = 50e18` i.e. 50 AVAX
3. The number of tickets sold does not reach the minimum threshold, so the raffle is cancelled.
4. Players are refunded, 50 AVAX are returned to their rightful owners.
    - Note that `_lockedETH` is still 50 AVAX, but the contract no longer holds any balance.
5. A new raffle is created. This time the tickets are sufficiently sold, and the total amount sold amounts to 100 AVAX.
    - At this point, `_lockedETH = 150e18` i.e. added the 100 AVAX
    - Contract balance = 100 AVAX
6. The new raffle results are propagated. The 100 AVAX is unlocked, now withdrawable by admin as revenue.
    - At this point, `_lockedETH = 50e18`
    - Contract balance = 100 AVAX
7. Admin calls `withdrawETH()` to withdraw the revenue. Because 50 AVAX are locked, the admin is only able to withdraw 50 AVAX.

The final result is admin is only able to withdraw 50 AVAX, even if the total revenue from the successful raffle was 100 AVAX. Furthermore, the 50 AVAX is permanently locked in the contract without any methods to retrieve.



### Impact

Any cancelled raffles will inflate `_lockedETH` by the amount sold (and subsequently refunded). This inflation will cause revenue AVAX from future successful raffles to be permanently locked.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

`_lockedETH` has to be subtracted when the player is refunded on a cancelled raffle