Ripe Emerald Dragon

Medium

# Admin can't withdraw tokens from token manager.

## Summary
`WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens()` function has an error.
Exploiting this vulnerability, attacker can front-run admin's tx with only 1 wei to revert admin's tx.

## Vulnerability Detail
`WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens()` function is following.
```solidity
    function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
295:    if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```
As can be seen, the inequality `<` is used mistakenly instead of `>` in `L295`.
As a result, admin can't withdraw smaller amount than the balance.

Exploiting this vulnerability, the following scenario is available.
1. `WinnablesTicketManager` has `1 ether` of `LINK` token.
2. Admin can't withdraw smaller amount of `LINK` token than `1 ether`.
2. Admin can call `withdrawTokens()` by only passing `1 ether` as `amount` parameter.
3. Attacker front-runs admin's tx with only `1 wei` of `LINK` token.
4. Admin's tx will be reverted in `L295`.

## Impact
1. Admin can't withdraw smaller amount than the balance.
2. In order to withdraw smaller amount than the balance, admin should withdraw total amount and then transfer back again some tokens to `WinnablesTicketManager`.
However, attacker can prevent admin from withdrawing tokens using front-run with only 1 wei.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L295

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Modify `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens()` function as follows.
```solidity
    function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
--      if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
++      if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```