Polite Mauve Lark

High

# A cancelled raffle will cause future raffle proceeds to be locked

### Summary

A cancelled raffle will cause future raffle proceeds to be locked

### Root Cause

In WinnablesTicketManager.sol a raffle can be created with the following params
```solidity
    function createRaffle(
        uint256 raffleId,
        uint64 startsAt,
        uint64 endsAt,
        uint32 minTickets,
        uint32 maxTickets,
        uint32 maxHoldings
```
The main focus of this snippet is `minTickets` . For reference if the amount of tokens that are sold in a raffle is less than `minTickets` the raffle will be eligible to be canceled.

Knowing that, when a raffle ticket is bought we increase the `_lockedEth` variable by msg.value.
Now imagine a scenario where we cancel a then we must return the ETH to the users.

We must call `refundPlayers`
https://github.com/Winnables/public-contracts/blob/267dd06e2d5636f30e3311c46ed24b76ac6614c5/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L215

```solidity
    function refundPlayers(uint256 raffleId, address[] calldata players) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.CANCELED) revert InvalidRaffle();
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length; ) {
            address player = players[i];
            uint256 participation = uint256(raffle.participations[player]);
            if (((participation >> 160) & 1) == 1) revert PlayerAlreadyRefunded(player);
            raffle.participations[player] = bytes32(participation | (1 << 160));
            uint256 amountToSend = (participation & type(uint128).max);
            _sendETH(amountToSend, player);
            emit PlayerRefund(raffleId, player, bytes32(participation));
            unchecked { ++i; }
        }
    }
``` 
As we can see the function does not lower the `_lockedEth` variable when the eth is refunded to the players.

Now when we start another raffle and it is fulfilled, when the owner goes to withdraw his proceeds, he will only be able to withdraw the proceeds amount minus the `_lockedEth` that is in the contract. We can observe the following behavior in the 
`withdrawETH` function
https://github.com/Winnables/public-contracts/blob/267dd06e2d5636f30e3311c46ed24b76ac6614c5/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L300

```solidity
    function withdrawETH() external onlyRole(0) {
        uint256 balance;
        unchecked {
            balance = address(this).balance - _lockedETH;
        }
        _sendETH(balance, msg.sender);
    }
```

having multiple cancelled raffles in a row will cause ``_lockedEth` to be high and thus the amount of stuck and unrecoverable eth to be high.

### Internal pre-conditions

1.There needs to be a cancelled raffle and the proceeds need to have been refunded to the users
2. A new raffle is started and finished 

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

this isnt really an attack path but more of a code logic error.
1. admin makes raffle
2. users buy tickets `_lockedEth` variable increases by msg.value
3. there is not enough tickets sold so we cancel raffle
4. players are refunded via `refundPlayers`
5. `refundPlayers` does not lower the `_lockedEthVariable`
6. new raffle is started
7. raffle is finished and owner wishes to withdraw the eth proceeeds
8. he will only be able to withdraw the amount - `_lockedEth` variable
9. eth is locked in contract without being able to be claimed by owner.

### Impact

Owner eth proceeds will be locked in the contract. this number can be very high if we cancel raffles more than once.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

when refunding players, lower the `_lockedEth` variable.