Huge Fossilized Turtle

High

# Owner/Malicious user may deploy a contract on another chain and will claim all prizes from `WinnablesPrizeManager` due to wrong `ccipCounterpart` check

### Summary

`BaseCCIPContract::_packCCIPContract()` stores the chain selector by concatenating the contract address and `chainSelector << 160`. However, `chainSelector` is a `uint64`, so it will always nullify it. This means that any chain selector will be valid as it enables any non null chain selector as `0` and then when validating, it converts to `0`, which is enabled.

### Root Cause

In [BaseCCIPContract.sol:43](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/BaseCCIPContract.sol#L40-L45), uint256(chainSelector << 160) erases `chainSelector`.

### Internal pre-conditions

None.

### External pre-conditions

In case the owner performs the attack to steal prizes from legitimate winners there is no precondition.
Additionally, an attacker may perform the attack if the owner deploys the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract on another chain with the same nonce (for any reason) or the deployer of the `WinnablesPrizeManager` on Ethereum was a smart contract wallet that can be deployed to a different owner on another chain while retaining the same address as on Avalanche.

### Attack Path

1 - Owner enables any chain selector, which will enable chain selector `0`. When it is packed, on validation, it erases chain selector to `0`, effectively allowing any smart contract that has the same address as the `WinnablesTicketManager` on any other support CCIP chain to send messages to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` on Ethereum.

Now, the attack vector may be different depending on circustances, there are several options:

2a - The owner deploys a malicious smart contract on another chain, with the right nonce such that the address will be the same as the `WinnablesTicketManager` deployed on Ethereum. This way it can steal all prizes from users that have already won, breaking the [specification](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#q-please-discuss-any-design-choices-you-made): 'Winnables admins cannot do anything to prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize'.

2b - The owner deploys a `WinnablesTicketManager` on another chain that ends up having the same address as the on one Avalanche (for any reason). Users can use this `WinnablesTicketManager` to claim prizes from the `WinnablesPrizeManager` on Ethereum as it accepts any chain selector on `_ccipReceive()`.

2c - In case the owner is a smart contract wallet that is deployed in a way that does not take into account the `msg.sender` that created the wallet, it may be possible for an attacker to mimic the smart contract wallet in another chain. Then, once the attack gains control of the same owner that deployed the `WinnablesTicketManager` on Avalanche, it may deploy a malicious contract with the same address as the `WinnablesTicketManager` on Avalanche, but with malicious logic to steal all funds of `WinnablesPrizeManager`.

3 - The contract in the chain other than `Avalanche` just has to send a cross chain message to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` on Ethereum to claim the `raffleId` with any winner it wants.


### Impact

All funds from `WinnablesPrizeManager` may be stolen.

### PoC

The following test can be carried on on Foundry:
```solidity
    function test_POC_BaseCCIPContract_NullChainSelector() public {
        uint64 chainSelector = 10;
        assertEq(uint256(chainSelector << 160), 0);
    }
```

### Mitigation

The correct encoding is:
```solidity
function _packCCIPContract(address contractAddress, uint64 chainSelector) internal pure returns(bytes32) {
    return bytes32(
        uint256(uint160(contractAddress)) |
        uint256(uint256(chainSelector) << 160)
    );
}
```