Huge Fossilized Turtle

High

# `WinnablesPrizeManager::setCCIPCounterpart()` allows the admins to freely send messages from other contracts which will steal all `WinnablesPrizeManager` funds

### Summary

`WinnablesPrizeManager::setCCIPCounterpart()` whitelists which `contractAddress` and `chainSelector` may call `WinnablesPrizeManager::_ccipReceive()`. The admins can use this function to set a malicious smart contracts that steals all prizes from `WinnablesPrizeManager` by defining logic that calls `WinnablesPrizeManager::_ccipReceive()` with any `raffleId` and `winner`.

This breaks the [specification](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/tree/main) mentioned in the readme
> Winnables admins cannot do anything to prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize

### Root Cause

In [WinnablesPrizeManager::setCCIPCounterpart()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L134-L140), there is no restriction in the picked `contractAddress` and `chainSelector`, so admins can set malicious contracts to steal the funds. It should not be possible to whitelist new contracts and chains instantly at any time or even after deployment.

### Internal pre-conditions

None.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. `WinnablesPrizeManager` locks a prize, sending the message to `WinnablesTicketManager`.
2. `WinnablesTicketManager::_ccipReceive()` is called, which sets the raffle status to `PRIZE_LOCKED`.
3. `WinnablesTicketManager::createRaffle()` is called, starting the raffle.
4. Users participate by calling `WinnablesTicketManager::buyTickets()`, sending ETH.
5. After the raffle ends, the admin deploys a contract in another chain that does a cross chain call to `WinnablesPrizeManager::_ccipReceive()` with the `raffleId` and any `winner` address (admin controlled).
6. The admin calls `WinnablesPrizeManager::setCCIPCounterpart()` and whitelists the address of the malicious contract in the other chain.
7. The admin performs the cross chain call to `WinnablesPrizeManager::_ccipReceive()` and steals the prize.
8. The admin calls `WinnablesTicketManager::drawWinner()`, triggering the request.
9. The admin calls `WinnablesTicketManager::propagateRaffleWinner()`, decreasing `_lockedETH` by `raffle.totalRaised` (the message to claim the prize is sent to `WinnablesPrizeManager::_ccipReceive()` but it has been claimed by the admin before).
10. The admin calls `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawETH()` and steals the ETH from the raffle.


### Impact

The admin is able to steal the prize from legitimate users, breaking the [specification](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#q-please-discuss-any-design-choices-you-made).

### PoC

```solidity
function setCCIPCounterpart(
    address contractAddress,
    uint64 chainSelector,
    bool enabled
) external onlyRole(0) {
    _setCCIPCounterpart(contractAddress, chainSelector, enabled);
}
```

### Mitigation

To match the specification, the only way is using a timelock or setting the whitelisted `contractAddress` and `chainSelector` in the constructor. This will stop the admin from being able to steal prizes.