Ripe Emerald Dragon

Medium

# Lack of support on custodial wallets or smart contract wallet

## Summary
Custodial wallet or smart contract wallet has different addresses in ethereum and avalanche network.
The protocol uses ethereum and avalanche network and transfers winner's address from avalanche to ethereum network.
Therefore, the winners who uses such wallets which have different addresses in ethereum and avalanche network can't claim prize.

## Vulnerability Detail
The winner of a raffle is determined by `WinnablesTicketManager` in avalanche network.
The winner's address will be transferred to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` in ethereum network through CCIP.
The winner should claim prize in ethereum network.
If the winner uses a wallet such as custodial wallet or smart contract wallet, the winner's wallet address may be different in ethereum and avalanche network.
Therefore, the winner can't claim his prize from `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract because `WinnablesPrizeManager` will compare `msg.sender` with different address which was transferred from `WinnablesTicketManager` in avalanche network.

## Impact
The winner who uses wallet which have different addresses in ethereum and avalanche network such as custodial wallet or smart contract wallet can't claim his prize after raffle finishes.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L344
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L105-L124

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add supports on wallets which have different addresses in ethereum and avalanche network such as custodial wallet or smart contract wallet.