Blunt Smoke Crane

Medium

# Winners of raffles who use account abstraction wallets won't be able to claim their rewards.

### Summary

Users who use account abstraction wallets and win a raffle won't be able to claim their rewards via the [claimPrize()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L105-L124) function. Account abstraction wallets are, by design, unique smart contract instances deployed on individual chains. While users can create account abstraction wallets on different chains, they ultimately have distinct account addresses. Since account abstraction wallets are on the rise, with Safe having almost 6M users (disregarding other Account Abstraction wallet "providers"), this is a very plausible scenario that should be taken into consideration.
The ``WinnablesPrizeManager.sol`` contract is  going to be deployed on Ethereum and the ``WinnablesTicketManager.sol`` and ``WinnablesTicket.sol`` contracts are going to be deployed on Avalance. When a winner for a raffle is drawn, the [propagateRaffleWinner()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L345) function has to be called:
```solidity
    function propagateRaffleWinner(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.FULFILLED) revert InvalidRaffleStatus();
        raffle.status = RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED;
        address winner = _getWinnerByRequestId(raffle.chainlinkRequestId);

        _sendCCIPMessage(prizeManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.WINNER_DRAWN), raffleId, winner));
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
        unchecked {
            _lockedETH -= raffle.totalRaised;
        }
    }
```
The [propagateRaffleWinner()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L345) function internally calls the [_getWinnerByRequestId()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L472-L477) function which returns the address that owns the winning NFT ID at Avalance, this address will be set as the winner of the raffle in the ``WinnablesPrizeManager.sol`` contract on Ethreum. 
The address of the owner of the winning NFT on Avalanche may not exist on Ethereum or be controlled by someone else. 
### Root Cause

The possible use of account abstraction wallets is overlooked by the Winnables team. 

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

1. Winner of a raffle has to use an account abstraction wallet.

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Users who use account abstraction wallets and win a raffle won't be able to claim their rewards via the [claimPrize()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L105-L124) function. The prize will be forever locked in the ``WinnablePrizeManager.sol`` contract.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider allowing only the winner of a certain raffle to call the  [propagateRaffleWinner()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L345) function and set an address that he wants as the winner of the raffle. 