Broad Red Skunk

Medium

# DoS of refund process

## Summary
In refunding process, users can get their participation money back but due to revert line in for loop, attacker can stop execution easily.
## Vulnerability Detail
In Winnables system, if a raffle is cancelled, refunding process can be executed in batch execution. The following function is used for refunding process. 

```solidity
    function refundPlayers(uint256 raffleId, address[] calldata players) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.CANCELED) revert InvalidRaffle();
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length; ) {
            address player = players[i];
            uint256 participation = uint256(raffle.participations[player]);
&>          if (((participation >> 160) & 1) == 1) revert PlayerAlreadyRefunded(player);
            raffle.participations[player] = bytes32(participation | (1 << 160));
            uint256 amountToSend = (participation & type(uint128).max);
            _sendETH(amountToSend, player);
            emit PlayerRefund(raffleId, player, bytes32(participation));
            unchecked { ++i; }
        }
    }
        function _sendETH(uint256 amount, address to) internal {
        if (amount == 0) revert NothingToSend();
        (bool success, ) = to.call{ value: amount }("");
&>      if (!success) revert ETHTransferFail();
    }
    
```

The problem arise in 2 lines, first one is "revert" line and second one is '_sendETH()' line. Because of revert keyword, it won't continue to refund the other players money. We also know that players can also join the raffle with written contracts and if they didn't implemented receive() payable fallback in order to accept ETH to contract it also reverts and execution will be failed.

## Proof of Concept

Scenario 1: 

- A raffle event is cancelled by the authority
- Admin wants to refund in batch execution ( Let say 100 people joined the raffle )
- Admin called refund with correct 100 players data
- Attacker see the execution in the execution queue and he frontrunned refund function only with the last person of players[] array which is the parameter of the admin's call
- Attacker's call is executed and last person gets his refund.
- Admin's call will be failed because players[last_index] is already refunded and the function will revert the execution
- Result: Batch execution is failed also admin paid all the gas of the all the others refund.

Scenario 2:
- A raffle event is cancelled by the authority
- Admin wants to refund in batch execution ( Let say 100 people joined the raffle )
- Admin called refund with correct 100 players data
- Let say the player at index 0 is a contract address and it doesn't have payable fallback function
- This transfer will fail because of success check
- Result: Whole execution will be failed.

## Impact
Batch refund execution is impossible or really hard to process
Sabotaging the system's main functionality

Admin also can't guess which contract is implemented payable fallback, so it's really hard to process batch execution in this scenario.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L215

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L485

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of reverting the for loop, 'continue' keyword will be much better than revert in order to execute batch refunding process.