Soaring Rusty Dragon

Medium

# Admin can prevent raffle winner from claiming their reward

### Summary

By whitelisting their address and sending a WINNER_DRAWN CCIP message to PrizeManager, Admin can steal the raffle prize, which breaks the invariant from README:

> Winnables admins cannot do anything to prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize

### Root Cause

In WinnablesPrizeManager, Admin can [add/remove](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L134) any address as CCIP counterpart at any time.

### Internal pre-conditions

A raffle is able to reach REQUESTED stage (enough tickets were sold).

### Attack Path

1. Admin sends NFT (or token/ETH) to PrizeManager.
2. Admin calls PrizeManager#lockNFT.
3. Admin calls TicketManager#createRaffle.
4. Raffle (ticket sale) ends successfully.
5. drawWinner is called.
6. Admin adds himself as PrizeManager's CCIP counterpart and sends WINNER_DRAWN CCIP message with his own address as `winner` to PrizeManager; Admin removes TicketManager from PrizeManager's CCIP counterparts.
7. Chainlink VRF request from step 5 is fulfilled.
8. TicketManager#propagate is called, which propagates Alice as the winner of the raffle, but CCIP message reverts on the destination chain with `UnauthorizedCCIPSender()`.
8. Admin claims reward from PrizeManager.


### Impact

Admin steals the raffle reward.

### Mitigation

Admin should not be able to add or remove CCIP counterparts during Raffles.