Dry Arctic Hawk

High

# A malicious actor could cancel a raffle in such a way that results in loss of reward tokens on the PrizeManager contract

### Summary
A malicious user could call cancelRaffle or propagateWinner method of a  raffle in such a way that the raffle prizes on the prizeManager chain would be lost forever.
---
### Vulnerable Functions 
[propagateRaffleWinner](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334)
[cancelRaffle](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278)
---
### Root Cause
 > The current operation's flow for cancelling a raffle goes like this:
- A user calls cancelRaffle() with a raffleId,chainSelector,prizeManager.
- The function marks the raffle as cancelled and sends a cross chain message  with a payload encoded(CANCELLED,raffle-Id)where the receiver is the prizeManager for a specified chainSelector.
- The ccip protocol delivers the encoded data.which the prize manager decodes and frees up the locked tokens.
 But the chainSelector and the prizeManager inputs are not validated and the function isn't a permissioned method. Which clearly means anyone could pass an arbitrary address(non-existing or existing) &&  also an arbitrary chainSelector.The root cause is solely due to the fact the inputs are unvalidated.
> While the callflow of propagateRaffleWinner
- An actors calls propagateRaffleWinner with the following a prizeManager address,chainSelector and a raffleI-d.
- Chainlink ccip forwards the message to the prizeManager.
- The winner is set for the received ccip payload,after which a user could claim rewards.
SImilar to the cancelRaffle the prizeManager & chainSelector is not validated and because the method is a permissionless function the inputs could be malicious.
---
### Internal pre-conditions

1.The attacker could choose to deploy a contract to receive the crosschain message on the target chainSelector or even pass in an EOA as the prizeManager(but the main idea is making sure the ccip message doesn't reach the right prizeManager on ethereum.
2.Since the payload never reached the prizeManager the tokens locked would never be released not even an admin could make that possible.
---
### External pre-conditions

1.The raffle must be cancelled  or fufilled(Have a winner).
---
### Attack Path

1.Listen for  cancelled raffle's or fufilled raffles
2.call the cancelRaffle | propagateRaffleWinner with invalid params(just make sure the payload doesn't go to the prizeManager on ethereum.
---
### Impact
- Raffle prizes are lost forever.
- The protocol also loses gas paid for the crosschain message.
---
### PoC
__null__
---
### Mitigation

An easy fix would be to add the snippet to both the cancelRaffle and the propagateRaffleWinner methods
``` solidity
          bytes32 counterpart = _packCCIPContract(
            prizeManager,
            chainSelector
        );
        if (!_ccipContracts[counterpart]) revert ("Unauthorised Caller");
