Custom Rosewood Bear

High

# WinnablesPrizeManager.setCCIPCounterpart function allows admins to send their own winner messages to the prize manager

### Summary

The `WinnablesPrizeManager.setCCIPCounterpart` function allows admins to enable multiple counterpart addresses. The Winnables admin can enable a malicious contract different from the TicketManager to receive CCIP messages and send winner messages to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` allowing the admins to declare themselves as the winner for the raffles.

This allows admins to violate the following principles which must always hold true:

> - Winnables admins cannot do anything to prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize
> - Admins cannot affect the odds of a raffle

Code:
Definition of [`WinnablesPrizeManager.setCCIPCounterPart`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L134-L140) function allowing to enable multiple chainlink counterparts.

Definition of [`WinnablesPrizeManager._ccipReceive` ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L260-L276) function which sets winner if message is sent from an enabled CCIP counterpart.

### Root Cause

The `WinnablesPrizeManager.setCCIPCounterpart` function allows admins to enable multiple counterpart address anytime.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Winnables admin creates multiple raffles that end at approximately same time
2. Admin deploys a malicious contract on Avalanche which sends CCIP messages to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract.
3. Admin enables the malicious contract address using the `WinnablesPrizeManager.setCCIPCounterpart` function
4. Admin calls malicious contract to send winner messages for each raffle right before they end.
5. Admin ensures the `minThresholdTickets` is met and the raffles are not cancellable
6. Admin withdraws the prizes from the `WinnablesPrizeManager` and ticket sales amount from the `WinnablesTicketManager` after it declares the winner.

### Impact

Admins can set their own address as winners of raffles and withdraw the prize money.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Change the `setCCIPCounterpart` function to an initialization function allowing the admins to set the counterpart only at the time of deployment.

Additionally, consider following mitigations:
1. Update `WinnablesPrizeManager._cancelRaffle` function to revert if raffle status != None instead of revert on if status is CANCELED
    - Prevents cancelling messages for which prize money is already claimed protecting from presence of issues similar to the current one.
2. Remove the `unchecked` blocks in the `WinnablesPrizeManager.withdrawToken` and the `withdrawETH` functions.
     - The `unchecked` block rely on the invariant that contract balance is >= to the locked tokens/ETH.
     - If the invariant is not held, it would allow admins to withdraw entirety of the contract balance because of integer underflow. Consider estimating the gas savings and determine if the use of `unchecked` blocks outweigh the risk.