Ripe Brunette Loris

High

# Incorrect bit-shift on an uint64, leading to invalid CCIP counterpart contract packing

## Summary

The expression `uint256(chainSelector << 160)` incorrectly results in 0 because the left shift operation is applied to a uint64 value (chainSelector). A uint64 cannot accommodate a shift of 160 bits due to its limited bit-width. Consequently, the value is effectively zero when cast to uint256, instead of correctly positioning the chainSelector value in the intended bit range.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `_setCCIPCounterpart` function, the `bytes32 counterpart` is calculated using the `_packCCIPContract` function, which is intended to combine a contract address and a chain selector into a single `bytes32` value. However, due to the incorrect bit-shifting operation, the chain selector component is always set to 0, rendering the packed counterpart value incorrect.

```solidity
function _setCCIPCounterpart(
        address contractAddress,
        uint64 chainSelector,
        bool enabled
    ) internal {
@>      bytes32 counterpart = _packCCIPContract(contractAddress, chainSelector);
        _ccipContracts[counterpart] = enabled;
    }
```

The `_packCCIPContract` function contains the faulty shift operation:

```solidity
 function _packCCIPContract(
        address contractAddress,
        uint64 chainSelector
    ) internal pure returns (bytes32) {
        return
            bytes32(
                uint256(uint160(contractAddress)) |
@>                  uint256(chainSelector << 160)
            );
    }
```

## Impact

As a result, all approved CCIP counterpart contracts become ineffective, as the `chainSelector` is incorrectly packed as 0. This makes it impossible to properly identify and interact with the intended remote contracts.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/BaseCCIPContract.sol#L40-L45

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To correctly perform the bit manipulation, ensure that the shift operation is conducted on a `uint256` value, which can accommodate the full range of the shift. The corrected code should cast `chainSelector` to `uint256` before the shift:

```diff
    function _packCCIPContract(
        address contractAddress,
        uint64 chainSelector
    ) internal pure returns (bytes32) {
        return
            bytes32(
                uint256(uint160(contractAddress)) |
-                   uint256(chainSelector << 160)
+                   uint256(chainSelector) << 160
            );
    }
```

This adjustment ensures that the `chainSelector` is correctly positioned in the resulting `bytes32` value, allowing the contract to properly track and interact with the intended CCIP counterparts.