Fancy Blonde Mustang

High

# Same address on different chains

## Summary

In the current implementation, the protocol is deployed across both the Ethereum mainnet and Avalanche. The issue arises because the winner's address is transferred from one chain to another. A user may have different addresses on different chains.

## Vulnerability Detail

There are two main contracts in the protocol: WinnablesTicketManager and WinnablesPrizeManager. WinnablesTicketManager is deployed on Avalanche, and WinnablesPrizeManager is deployed on Ethereum.

The basic workflow of the protocol is as follows:

1. The admin locks ETH, tokens, or NFTs in WinnablesPrizeManager and sends a CCIP message to WinnablesTicketManager.
2. After some time, when the raffle ends and a winner is drawn, a CCIP message is sent from WinnablesTicketManager to WinnablesPrizeManager during the execution of propagateRaffleWinner. This message encodes the address of the winner. The problem is that the winner's address is likely to be different on Ethereum compared to Avalanche.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L345

## Impact

Users may not be able to claim their rewards because their addresses will differ between chains.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function propagateRaffleWinner(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.FULFILLED) revert InvalidRaffleStatus();
        raffle.status = RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED;
        address winner = _getWinnerByRequestId(raffle.chainlinkRequestId);

        _sendCCIPMessage(prizeManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.WINNER_DRAWN), raffleId, winner));
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId); 
        unchecked {
            _lockedETH -= raffle.totalRaised;
        }
    } 
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a smart contract on Ethereum and another on Avalanche to store and resolve mappings between user addresses on each chain. Ensure these contracts are updated when users interact with the system.