Huge Fossilized Turtle

High

# `WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers()` will not decrease `_lockedETH` leading to stuck `ETH` for the protocol

### Summary

`WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers()` refunds the players their `ETH` if a raffle is canceled. However, it fails to decrease `_lockedETH`, which tracks how much `ETH` is locked and can not be withdrawn by the protocol. Thus, users will claim their refunds and decrease the `ETH` balance by `raffle.totalRaised`, but `_lockedETH` will remain at `raffle.totalRaised`. When the admin tries to call `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawETH()`, it will not allow claming all the `ETH` corresponding from future sucessful raffles as `_lockedETH` will be incorrectly inflated.

### Root Cause

In [WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L215) the `_lockedETH` variable is not decreased.

### Internal pre-conditions

A raffle is canceled.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. Users buy tickets via `WinnablesTicketManager::buyTickets()`, but not enough to reach `raffle.minTicketsThreshold`.
2. The raffle is canceled by calling `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle()`.
3. Users call `WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers()`, decreasing the `ETH` balance but not `_lockedETH`, making this `ETH` forever stuck.

### Impact

All `ETH` from canceled rounds is stuck.

### PoC

It can be confirmed that `WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers()` does not decrase `_lockedETH` and that `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawETH()` withdraws `address(this).balance - _lockedETH`, which means the canceled `ETH` can never be claimed.

### Mitigation

```solidity
function refundPlayers(uint256 raffleId, address[] calldata players) external {
    Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
    if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.CANCELED) revert InvalidRaffle();
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length; ) {
        address player = players[i];
        uint256 participation = uint256(raffle.participations[player]);
        if (((participation >> 160) & 1) == 1) revert PlayerAlreadyRefunded(player);
        raffle.participations[player] = bytes32(participation | (1 << 160));
        uint256 amountToSend = (participation & type(uint128).max);
        _lockedETH -= amountToSend; //@audit here
        _sendETH(amountToSend, player);
        emit PlayerRefund(raffleId, player, bytes32(participation));
        unchecked { ++i; }
    }
}
```