Ripe Emerald Dragon

High

# Attacker can set prize manager address of CCIP message as whatever he wants.

## Summary
Attacker can set prize manager address of CCIP message from `WinnablesTicketManager` as whatever he wants.
Exploiting this vulnerability, attacker can prevent admin or winner of raffle from withdrawing or claiming the locked prize.

## Vulnerability Detail
`WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle()` function can be called by anyone because it doesn't have access modifier such as `onlyRole(0)` as follows.
```solidity
    function cancelRaffle(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
        _checkShouldCancel(raffleId);

        _raffles[raffleId].status = RaffleStatus.CANCELED;
282:    _sendCCIPMessage(
            prizeManager,
            chainSelector,
            abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.RAFFLE_CANCELED), raffleId)
        );
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
    }
```
Exploiting this vulnerability, attacker can call `cancelRaffle()` functions by passing an address which is not the address of `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract as `prizeManager` parameter.
Then, the CCIP message of `L282` is not transferred to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract.
Therefore, the locked funds for the `raffleId` in `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract can't be withdrawed by admin and are locked forever.

Example:
1. Admin locked `10 ethers` for `raffleId` in `WinnablesPrizeManager`. Then the CCIP message will be transferred to the `WinnablesTicketManager` of avalanche network.
2. Admin creates a raffle with `raffleId` in `WinnablesTicketManager`.
3. After time passed `endsAt`, the number of participants is less than `minTicketsThreshold`.
4. Attacker calls `cancelRaffle()` function before any other users by passing wrong address as `prizeManager` parameter.
5. Since the cancelling CCIP message is never transferred to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract, the locked funds of `10 ethers` are never unlocked and admin can never withdraw the locked funds for the very cancelled raffle.

The same problem also exists in the `WinnablesTicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner()` function.

## Impact
Attacker can set prize manager address of CCIP message as whatever he wants.
It prevents admin or winner of raffle from withdrawing or claiming the locked prize.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Modify `WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle()` function as follows.
```solidity
--  function cancelRaffle(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
++  function cancelRaffle(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external onlyRole(0) {
        _checkShouldCancel(raffleId);

        _raffles[raffleId].status = RaffleStatus.CANCELED;
        _sendCCIPMessage(
            prizeManager,
            chainSelector,
            abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.RAFFLE_CANCELED), raffleId)
        );
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
    }
```
Modify `WinnablesTicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner()` function the same way.
