Keen Teal Aphid

Medium

# Malicious user can DOS `refundPlayers` function in `WinnablesTicketManager` contract.

### Summary

A malicious user that participated in a raffle with a contract can DOS the `refundPlayers` function by implementing a revert in the `fallback` function of the contract he participated in the raffle with.

### Root Cause

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L215
In `WinnablesTicketManager` contract in  `refundPlayers` function the contract iterates over the players that participated in a raffle and need to be refunded. For every user that has to be refunded the `_sendETH` function is called.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L224
This function makes a low level call to the refunded player.
A malicious user can implement a revert statement in his contract that he participated with in a raffle.
This will cause `_sendETH` to revert and  `refundPlayers` function to also revert effectively DOS-ing the function.
The protocol will loose gas for the reverting of the function and another refund must be made with different players to refund.


### Internal pre-conditions

1. A raffle is created.
2. Users join the raffle by buying tickets.
3. Raffle does not have sufficient buyer.
4. Raffle is canceled
5. Admin calls `refundPlayers` function with an array of players to be refunded.

### External pre-conditions

1. A malicious user uses a contract to enter the raffle that reverts in it's `fallback` function.

### Attack Path

1. A raffle is created.
2. Users join the raffle by buying tickets.
3. A malicious user uses a contract to enter the raffle that reverts in it's `fallback` function.
4. Raffle does not have sufficient buyer.
5. Raffle is canceled
6. Admin calls `refundPlayers` function with an array of players to be refunded.

### Impact

The protocol will suffer gas loss due to the reverting of the function.
Furthermore the function will not work as intended.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Best way to mitigate this case is to implement `Pull over Push` pattern to make users withdraw themselves.
A mapping can be used  `mapping(address -> uint256) amountToRefund` to store the amount for every address.