Docile Daisy Wallaby

High

# An attacker will freeze prizes in `WinnablesPrizeManager` by calling `propagateRaffleWinner` with an arbitrary prizeManager address

### Summary

Lack of proper access control in the `propagateRaffleWinner` function in `WinnablesTicketManager.sol` will cause an irreversible freeze of prize (ETH / Tokens / NFT) in `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol` as an attacker will call the function with an arbitrary prizeManager address.

### Root Cause

In [WinnablesTicketManager.sol:334](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334) the `propagateRaffleWinner` function lacks access control, allowing anyone to call it with arbitrary parameters.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

Attack Path
1. An attacker calls `propagateRaffleWinner` with an arbitrary `prizeManager` address and a valid `raffleId`.
2. The function sets the raffle status to `RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED`, preventing the function from being called again for the same raffle.
3. The function sends a CCIP message to the arbitrary `prizeManager` address instead of the intended `WinnablesPrizeManager`.
4. As a result, the `_ccipReceive` function in `WinnablesPrizeManager` is never triggered, causing the winner address to remain unassigned.
5. The locked funds associated with the raffle are unlocked, but the prize cannot be properly claimed as the intended contract never receives the winner information, thus `claimPrize` function in `WinnablesPrizeManager` can never be called for that particular raffle.


### Impact

The users cannot receive their prizes as the `WinnablesPrizeManager` never receives the winner information, effectively freezing the prize distribution. The protocol suffers the loss of functionality for that specific raffle, and the intended raffle outcome is never executed.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add appropriate access control to `propagateRaffleWinner` function to ensure that only authorized roles can call it with proper values, or validate the parameters.