Huge Fossilized Turtle

Medium

# Malicious users will DoS `WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers()` which will stop users from being refunded

### Summary

[WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L215) allows users to be refunded in a batch. As confimed by the sponsor, the protocol intends to call the function themselves to refund a significant number of users at a time. However, any player of the raffle may refund themselves before the transaction by the protocol is settled, which will DoS the whole batch. This will cause significant gas losses for the protocol at very little cost for the attacker and temporarily breaks the specification in the [readme](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles-0xsimao/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#q-please-discuss-any-design-choices-you-made):
> Participants in a raffle that got cancelled can always get refunded

### Root Cause

In `WinnablesTicketManager:221` it reverts if the user was already refunded.

### Internal pre-conditions

The raffle is canceled.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. Protocol calls `WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers()` with a huge batch.
2. One of the users calls `WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers()` for itself before the transaction in point 1 settle and DoSes the protocol.

### Impact

The protocol takes a huge gas loss and users are DoSed from their refunds.

### PoC

It can be confirmed that `WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers()` reverts if the user has already participated.

### Mitigation

Instead of reverting, the call should continue in the loop to the next participant.