Fresh Corduroy Bird

High

# Admin can steal the prize even after a winner won that prize

## Summary
Admin can steal the prize won by a winner by setting a malicious CCIP counterpart.

## Vulnerability Detail
In contest README sponsor mentioned that the admin should never be able prevent a winner from withdraw their prize as below:

> The principles that must always remain true are:
> * Winnables admins cannot do anything to prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize

It is also mentioned that the admin should not be able to steal funds 
> The protocol working as expected relies on having an admin creating raffles. It should be expected that the admin will do their job. However it is not expected that the admin can steal funds that should have ended in a raffle participant’s wallet in any conceivable way.

However the admin can steal funds or prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize by adding a malicious CCIP counterpart using 
`setCCIPCounterpart()` function. Then sending a malicious message from that malicious counterpart.

**PoC**:
1. Admin locks 10 ETH prize on ETH Mainnet.
2. Creates a Raffle with that prize on Avalanche.
3. Users buy tickets and Raffle ends.
4. But to pick the winner it takes some time as random number needs to picked which is asynchronous.
5. So an add a malicious counterpart (malicious contract deployed on Polygon) by calling `setCCIPCounterpart` function of PrizeManager contract on ETH Mainnet.
6. Then Admin sends a malicious message( setting his address as winner) from malicious contract deployed on Polygon before the actual winner is propagated from Avalanche.
7. Admin can now claim the prize.

## Impact
Admin can steal the prize
## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L134-L140

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Save the counterpart details for the specific raffle in the raffle data, and allow only those counterparts to send messages for that raffle.