Howling Neon Raven

High

# `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawTokens` this function will always revert and therefore admin won't be able to withdraw any ERC20 token from the contract.

### Summary

function `withdrawTokens` in `WinnablesTicketManager` contract  will always revert, meaning that the admin will be unable to withdraw any ERC20 tokens from the contract.

### Root Cause

In `WinnablesTicketManager.sol:295` here in [function withdrawTokens](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292), according to Natspec this function is created for - `@notice (Admin) Withdraw Link or any ERC20 tokens accidentally sent here` but while designing this function, a wrong check has been implemented which will always trigger a unexpected revert.

Buggy Code Snippet -
```solidity
    function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
@>      if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
``` 

Here the `if` check in this function was supposed to revert if - `amount` passed to withdraw is greater than the `balance` of that token in the contract, Because withdrawing more than existing token(balance) in the contract is simply not possible because of `Insufficient Balance` 

But here in the code base we can see that this check is implemented incorrectly, because `if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();` will always revert when admin will try to withdraw an amount of token, where the balance of that token in contract is more than the amount passed. Also even in condition where amount passed by admin is greater than balance of contract for that token, in that condition that `if` condition will pass it, but later in line `token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);` this will revert the tx, as amount more than balance can't be sent.

Here I've tried my best to explain the vulnerability. Also, check the recommendation(`Mitigation`) section to see how to resolve this vulnerability.

### Internal pre-conditions

I've tried my best to explain the vulnerability in the section - `Root Cause`. Also, check the recommendation(`Mitigation`) section to see how to resolve this vulnerability.

### External pre-conditions

I've tried my best to explain the vulnerability in the section - `Root Cause`. Also, check the recommendation(`Mitigation`) section to see how to resolve this vulnerability.

### Attack Path

No attack path is needed, the function will simply revert whenever the admin will try to execute it. 

### Impact

Admin is not able to withdraw any ERC20 token from the contract.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation


```diff
    function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
-       if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
+       if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```