Colossal Turquoise Chinchilla

High

# [H-01] Incorrect Parameters in `WinnablesTicketManager::propagateRaffleWinner` Can Block Prize Claims

### Summary

Calling `WinnablesTicketManager::propagateRaffleWinner` with incorrect `prizeManager` or `chainSelector` parameters will result in sending the message to the wrong destination and setting the raffle status to PROPAGATED. This prevents the winner from being properly propagated and claiming their prize via the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract on Ethereum. 

The `propagateRaffleWinner` function is designed to be called after a raffle concludes and a winner is selected. It transmits the winner's information to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract on Ethereum, allowing them to claim their prize. This function should only be called once per `raffleId` to avoid unnecessary LINK costs. Once called, the function is "locked" for that `raffleId`. However, if the `prizeManager` (the Ethereum `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract address) or the `chainSelector` (Ethereum chain ID) parameters are not properly validated, they can be manipulated, causing the message to be sent to the wrong destination. This results in the winner not being sent to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` on Ethereum and the `propagateRaffleWinner` function being locked for that `raffleId`.

### Root Cause

In [WinnablesTicketManager.sol:334](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L345): missing validation for `prizeManager` or `chainSelector` parameters.
In [BaseCCIPSender.sol:15](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/BaseCCIPSender.sol#L15-L50): missing validation for  `ccipDestAddress` and `ccipDestChainSelector`.

The `ccipSend` function should be used with whitelisted destination address and chain selector to avoid being manipulated.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. A winner needs to be selected for a given raffleId (using Chainlink VRF)
2. The `propagateRaffleWinner` function should not be called before the attacker does it.
3. The `WinnableTicketManager` contract should have enough LINK to make a CCIP send call.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. An attacker calls `WinnablesTicketManager::propagateRaffleWinner` with incorrect parameters for either the `prizeManager` contract address or the `chainSelector`. 

### Impact

The winner is not transmitted to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` on Ethereum, causing the `propagateRaffleWinner` function to be locked for that `raffleId`. As a result, the winner is unable to claim their prize through the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract.

### PoC

In `test/TicketManager.js` Replace the test `Should be able to propagate when the winner is drawn` with the following test:
 
```solidity
    it('DoS propagateRaffleWinner', async () => {
      const raffleId = 1;
      const statusBefore = (await manager.getRaffle(raffleId)).status;
      expect(statusBefore).to.be.eq(4) // FULFILLED

      // Propagate the winner message to the wrong destination preventing WinnablesPrizeManager
      // to unlock the prize for the rightful winner
      const wrongAddress = "0x1111111111111111111111111111111111111111";
      const tx = await manager.propagateRaffleWinner(wrongAddress, 1, 1);
      await tx.wait();

      // Should not be able to propagate winner twice for the given raffleId
      const statusAfter = (await manager.getRaffle(raffleId)).status; // PROPAGATED
      expect(statusAfter).to.be.eq(5) // PROPAGATED
    });
```

### Mitigation

Sanitize the `prizeManager` and `chainSelector` parameters in the `propagateRaffleWinner` function by ensuring that only whitelisted values are accepted.

```diff
   function propagateRaffleWinner(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.FULFILLED) revert InvalidRaffleStatus();
        raffle.status = RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED;
        address winner = _getWinnerByRequestId(raffle.chainlinkRequestId);

+       bytes32 counterpart = _packCCIPContract(prizeManager, chainSelector);
+       if (!_ccipContracts[counterpart]) revert UnauthorizedCCIPSender();

        _sendCCIPMessage(prizeManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.WINNER_DRAWN), raffleId, winner));
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
        unchecked {
            _lockedETH -= raffle.totalRaised;
            //? @audit what if the owner calls withdrawETH after this? -> That's the expected behaviour
        }
    }
```