Eager Corduroy Nightingale

Medium

# A bad actor can front-run the raffle creation process and cancel the raffle before it is created by an admin.

## Summary
`WinnablesTicketManager::_ccipReceive` is setting `_raffles[raffleId].status = RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED` and after that the admin call `createRaffle` function to create the raffle. But a bad actor can front-run the raffle creation process and cancel the raffle before it is created by an admin.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability is rooted in the interaction between the `_ccipReceive` function and the `cancelRaffle` function. When `_ccipReceive` is called, it decodes the incoming message and sets the status of the raffle to `PRIZE_LOCKED` to indicate that the prize is locked and the raffle is ready to be created. This operation is performed before the actual raffle creation by the admin.

However, this status update can be exploited by a bot or malicious actor who monitors the blockchain for the PRIZE_LOCKED status. Once detected, the attacker can immediately front-run the transaction by calling the `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle` function, which checks the raffle status through the `_checkShouldCancel` function. If the status is `PRIZE_LOCKED`, the raffle can be canceled without checking anything else before the admin has a chance to complete the creation process.

## Impact
This vulnerability allows an attacker to repeatedly cancel raffles, preventing the admin from creating new raffles.

## Code Snippet
Github:-
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L434

```javascript
@>    function cancelRaffle(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
@>        _checkShouldCancel(raffleId);

        _raffles[raffleId].status = RaffleStatus.CANCELED;
        _sendCCIPMessage(
            prizeManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.RAFFLE_CANCELED), raffleId)
        );
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
    }
```

we can see that anyone can call the `cancelRaffle` function, and the `checkShouldcancel` function is returning/passing if the status is `PRIZE_LOCKED`

```javascript
    function _checkShouldCancel(uint256 raffleId) internal view {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
@>        if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.IDLE) revert InvalidRaffle();
        if (raffle.endsAt > block.timestamp) revert RaffleIsStillOpen();
        uint256 supply = IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).supplyOf(raffleId);
        if (supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached();
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Introduce a delay or time-lock mechanism between setting the PRIZE_LOCKED status and allowing any raffle-related actions, such as cancellation. This would reduce the likelihood of front-running by bots or malicious actors.