Active Coal Lynx

Medium

# Incorrect Bitwise Operation in _packCCIPContract Leading to Accepting CCIP Messages from Unsupported Chains

### Summary

The `_packCCIPContract` function in the BaseCCIPContract contract incorrectly handles the `chainSelector` parameter. Due to the `chainSelector` being `uint64`, the value is shifted out of range when it's left-shifted by 160 before it's casted to uint256, resulting in it being set to zero. This would allow smart contracts in the unsupported chains to make calls to the Winnables smart contracts. Basically, `_packCCIPContract` function returns the same value regardless of the `chainSelector`.

Additionally, the data is incorrectly packed into the higher-order side of the `bytes32`, which could lead to compatibility issues in the future with other smart contrats when interpreting the packed data.

### Root Cause

 In [BaseCCIPContract:40](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/BaseCCIPContract.sol#L40) the `chainSelector` parameter is not cast to uint256 before applying the left bitwise shift by 160 bits, causing the value to be zeroed out. This is because `chainSelector` is of type uint64 and left-shifting a 64 bit number by a number larger than 64 will always result in value to be zeroed out.  

 In [BaseCCIPContract:40](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/BaseCCIPContract.sol#L40) , there's also another issue with order of data in the packed bytes32.
In Ethereum, strings and bytes are padded on the lower-order (right) side with zero-bytes,
while other types (such as numbers and addresses) are padded on the higher-order side.
As an example, this is how we would store the string "abcd" in one full word (32 bytes):

0x6162636400000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

This is how the number 0x61626364 would be stored:

0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000061626364

Right now, the data is stored on the higher-order side. Example:
`0x<zero-padding> <chainSelector> <contractAddress>`

The contract address starts at the 96th bit and spans 160 bits. Instead of [0..159] as mentioned [in the comments](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/BaseCCIPContract.sol#L12).
Currently, the first [0..95] bits are chainSelector and the next [96.. 255] bits are contractAddress.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

1. Winnables admin needs to whitelist a contract address via setCCIPCounterpart and there must be a smart contract deployed at the same address in an unsupported chain (any chain other than ETH and Avalanche).
2. That smart contract should be able to make external calls to the Winnables contracts in the supported chains via CCIP.

### Attack Path

1. Attacker uses the "whitelisted" (done via setCCIPCounterpart) contract address in an unsupported chain (e.g. Base) to make CCIP calls to WinnablesTicketManager in Avalanche. Note that different contracts can be deployed at the same addressed in different chains.
2. `_packCCIPContract` function in the `_ccipReceive` function returns a valid address due to the issue explained above.
3. The attacker can alter the raffle state unexpectedly via CCIP messages from unsupported chains.

### Impact

The raffle state can be altered incorrectly via CCIP messages from unsupported chains.

### PoC

1. Using Foundry framework's chisel tool, paste the following function:
```Solidity
    function _packCCIPContract(address contractAddress, uint64 chainSelector) internal pure returns(bytes32) {
        return bytes32(
            uint256(uint160(contractAddress)) |
            uint256(chainSelector << 160)
        );
    }
```
2. Now call the function with random arguments and notice the return value:
```Bash
$> _packCCIPContract(address(0x31313131),0x5678)

Type: bytes32
└ Data: 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000031313131
```

3. Now call the same function with the same address but different chainSelector and notice the same data is returned:
```Bash
$> _packCCIPContract(address(0x31313131),0x1234)

Type: bytes32
└ Data: 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000031313131
```


### Mitigation

Cast `chainSelector` to `uint256` before the bitwise shift operation:

```Solidity
    function _packCCIPContract(address contractAddress, uint64 chainSelector) internal pure returns(bytes32) {
        return bytes32(
            uint256(uint160(contractAddress)) |
            uint256(uint256(chainSelector) << 160)
        );
    }
```

For the second issue, update the comments to reflect the correct packed bytes32 bit mapping :
```Text
    /// [0..95]   uint64  sourceChainSelector 
    /// [96..255]  address sourceContract
```