Rich Peach Kookaburra

Medium

# minTicketsThreshold check inconsistency in function _checkShouldDraw and  function _checkShouldCancel.

## Summary
currentTicketSold must be equal to/greater than minTicketsThreshold in  function _checkShouldDraw but in function _checkShouldCancel, currentTicketSold must be equal to/less than minTicketsThreshold.so if currentTicketSold is reached to/equal to minTicketsThreshold, then  cancelRaffle is still possible which is unfair.


## Vulnerability Detail
1. Let’s assume, the current raffleId is 1 and the raffleId’s minTicketsThreshold = 100.

2. Now raffleId 1’s 100 tickets are sold. So currentTicketSold = 100.

3. After That, no one buys  raffleId 1’s tickets(i.e currentTicketSold is still 100)  and  raffle.endsAt is also reached(i.e current time is bigger than raffle.endsAt).

4. Now  function drawWinner is called which calls  function _checkShouldDraw, see  function _checkShouldDraw, as currentTicketSold is equal to minTicketsThreshold and current time is bigger than raffle.endsAt, so function drawWinner will be executed.

5. If before calling function drawWinner,  the function cancelRaffle is called which calls function _checkShouldCancel, the function cancelRaffle will be executed even though raffleId’s minTicketsThreshold is reached. 


## Impact
Attackers can frontrun the function cancelRaffle before function drawWinner when currentTicketSold is equal to minTicketsThreshold and current time is bigger than raffle.endsAt.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L440
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of if (supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached();
   Put this, if (supply >= raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached(); in function _checkShouldCancel.

