Active Coal Lynx

High

# Not checking if `chainSelector` or `prizeManager` are correct in the `cancelRaffle()` and `propagateRaffleWinner()` functions will cause discrepancies between contracts, breaking contract functionality.

### Summary

`chainSelector` and `prizeManager` parameters aren't validated in the [`cancelRaffle()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278-L288) and [`propagateRaffleWinner()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L345) functions. Since these functions are public, any user can call these functions with arbitrary `chainSelector` and `prizeManager` values. Attackers can leverage this to send CCIP messages to random chains/addresses and irrecoverably lock the whole raffle since the intended contract/chain will never receive the CCIP message.

### Root Cause

The [`cancelRaffle()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278-L288) and [`propagateRaffleWinner()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L345) functions shown below do not confirm if the `chainSelector` or `prizeManager` are correct.
```solidity
    function cancelRaffle(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
        _checkShouldCancel(raffleId);

        _raffles[raffleId].status = RaffleStatus.CANCELED;
        _sendCCIPMessage(
            prizeManager,
            chainSelector,
            abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.RAFFLE_CANCELED), raffleId)
        );
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
    }

    function propagateRaffleWinner(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.FULFILLED) revert InvalidRaffleStatus();
        raffle.status = RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED;
        address winner = _getWinnerByRequestId(raffle.chainlinkRequestId);

        _sendCCIPMessage(prizeManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.WINNER_DRAWN), raffleId, winner));
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
        unchecked {
            _lockedETH -= raffle.totalRaised;
        }
    }
```

### Internal pre-conditions

1) Any user must call `cancelRaffle()` if raffle should be cancelled, or they must call `propagateRaffleWinner()` if raffle is fulfilled with incorrect `chainSelector` or `prizeManager`.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

Consider the following scenarios.
First scenario:
1) A raffle fails and must be cancelled
2) Before anyone can call the `cancelRafle()` function, any user calls this function with incorrect `chainSelector` or `prizeManager`.
3) CCIP call goes through to the wrong destination
4) Raffle status is updated to `RaffleStatus.CANCELED`
5) Message never reaches the `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol` contract, not cancelling the raffle in this contract, this will cause issues such as prize tokens never being unlocked.
6) Any subsequent calls to the `cancelRaffle()` function with correct parameters will fail due to the raffle status being `RaffleStatus.CANCELED`.

Second scenario:
1) A raffle is succesful, and raffle status is set to `RaffleStatus.FULFILLED`.
2) Before anyone can call the `propagateRaffleWinner()` function, any user calls this function with incorrect `chainSelector` or `prizeManager`.
3) CCIP call goes through to the wrong destination 
4) Raffle status is updated to `RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED`
5) Message never reaches the `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol` contract, not setting a winner in this contract.
6) Any subsequent calls to the `propagateRaffleWinner()` function with correct parameters will fail due to the raffle status not being `RaffleStatus.FULFILLED`. This raffle will also not be able to be cancelled.

### Impact

A raffle will either never be able to cancelled or a winner will never be drawn in the `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol` contract. Tokens that should be unlocked will stay locked or prize tokens will forever be stuck with no way to cancel the raffle and winner will not be able to get their prize. In short, contracts functionalities will be broken.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement checks in relevant functions to make sure that inputted `chainSelector` and `prizeManager` are correct.