Eager Corduroy Nightingale

High

# Permanent Fund Locking Vulnerability Due to Inconsistent _lockedETH Updates

## Summary
Funds can become permanently locked and unwithdrawable due to the inconsistent updating of the _lockedETH variable. When a raffle is canceled, players can refund their funds, but the _lockedETH variable is not adjusted accordingly. This discrepancy causes _lockedETH to reflect a higher amount than the actual ETH held in the contract. As a result, any attempt by the admin to withdraw funds will revert, permanently locking the ETH in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability occurs during the lifecycle of a raffle. When players buy tickets for a raffle, the ETH they send is tracked by increasing the `_lockedETH` variable using `msg.value`. This variable is intended to represent the total ETH locked in the contract, ensuring that the funds are correctly managed and available for withdrawal.

However, when a raffle is canceled and players are refunded through the `refundPlayers` function, the `_lockedETH` variable is not decreased by the amount refunded. This oversight leads to a situation where `_lockedETH` no longer accurately reflects the actual ETH balance in the contract.

Assume _lockedETH is 100 ETH after players have purchased tickets.
If the raffle is canceled and players are refunded 100 ETH, `_lockedETH` remains unchanged at 100 ETH, despite the actual contract balance being reduced to 0 ETH.
If a new raffle is created and players contribute 50 ETH, `_lockedETH` increases to 150 ETH, while the contract's actual balance is only 50 ETH.
When the raffle is completed and successfully draw a winner `_lockedETH` decreases by 50 ETH, resulting in a final `_lockedETH` of 100 ETH, but with only 50 ETH in the contract.
Now when admins tries to withdraw the 50ETH from the contract  using `withdrawETH` function it will revert.

## Impact
This vulnerability can result in funds being permanently locked in the contract, making it impossible for the admin to withdraw them. The locked funds can lead to significant financial loss.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L206
Here we can see that `_lockedETH` increased by `msg.value`
```javascript
function buyTickets(uint256 raffleId, uint16 ticketCount, uint256 blockNumber, bytes calldata signature)
    external
    payable
{
    .
    .
    .
    unchecked {
        raffle.totalRaised += msg.value;
        _userNonces[msg.sender]++;
@>        _lockedETH += msg.value;
    }
    .
    .
    .
}
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L215
There is no adjustment of `_lockedETH` in `refundPlayers` function
```javascript
function refundPlayers(uint256 raffleId, address[] calldata players) external {
    Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
    if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.CANCELED) revert InvalidRaffle();
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length;) {
        address player = players[i];
        uint256 participation = uint256(raffle.participations[player]);
        if (((participation >> 160) & 1) == 1) revert PlayerAlreadyRefunded(player);
        raffle.participations[player] = bytes32(participation | (1 << 160));
        uint256 amountToSend = (participation & type(uint128).max);
        _sendETH(amountToSend, player);
        emit PlayerRefund(raffleId, player, bytes32(participation));
        unchecked {
            ++i;
        }
    }
}
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L300
And here we can see that balance is the balance of the contract minus _lockedETH. 
so from the above example balance become `50 ether - 100 ether` but because of unchecked it becomes extremely huge number and will revert as contract doesn't have that much ETH
```javascript
    function withdrawETH() external onlyRole(0) {
        uint256 balance;
        unchecked {
@>            balance = address(this).balance - _lockedETH;
        }
        _sendETH(balance, msg.sender);
    }
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Adjust the `_lockedETH` inside the for loop of the `refundPlayers` function 