Unique Syrup Swallow

Medium

# Malicious user will prevent prize claiming for fulfilled raffles

### Summary

Trust of user input on a permissionless function (`WinnablesTicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner`) will cause raffles to be propagated on the `WinnablesTicketManager` without the prize being claimable on `WinnablesPrizeManager` as a malicious user could call this function on a fulfilled raffle and supply an incorrect `prizeManager` address and/or incorrect `chainSelector` value.

### Root Cause

The choice to make `propagateRaffleWinner` ([WinnablesTicketManager:L334](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334)) an unprivileged function is a mistake as it requires two parameters which are trusted and not verified: `chainSelector` and `prizeManager`.

### Internal pre-conditions

An ongoing raffle must have a `FULFILLED` status.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. An unprivileged user calls `TicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner`, supplying the `raffleId` of a fulfilled raffle; any address for `prizeManager` other than the actual address; and/or any value for `chainSelector` other than `1`. This may require front-running.
2. The raffle's `status` is set to `RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED` and a CCIP message is sent with the supplied `prizeManager` and `chainSelector` values.
3. As the values in the CCIP message are incorrect, `WinnablesPrizeManager.ccipReceive` will not be called by the CCIP router on Ethereum mainnet. This means that `_rafflePrize[raffleId].winner` will not be set, and the winner will not be able to claim their prize.

### Impact

The raffle winner cannot claim their prize, which is now permanently locked in the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract, and the attacker doesn't gain anything (griefing).

### PoC

The test case below can be inserted into `test/TicketManager.js` in place of `'Should be able to propagate when the winner is drawn'` ([line 786](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/test/TicketManager.js#L786)):

```javascript
    it('Unprivileged user can propagate raffle with incorrect values when the winner is drawn, preventing correct propagation', async () => {
      const { events } = await (await manager.connect(signers[2]).propagateRaffleWinner(signers[2].address, 2, 1)).wait();
      expect(events).to.have.lengthOf(3);
      const ccipEvent = ccipRouter.interface.parseLog(events[0]);
      
      // incorrect values in CCIP message
      expect(ccipEvent.args.chain).to.eq(2); // incorrect chainSelector
      expect(ccipEvent.args.receiver).to.eq('0x' + signers[2].address.toLowerCase().slice(-40).padStart(64, '0'));
      expect(ccipEvent.args.data).to.have.lengthOf(108); // incorrect receiver address
      const drawnWinner = ethers.utils.getAddress('0x' + ccipEvent.args.data.slice(-40));
      expect(buyers.find(b => b.address === drawnWinner)).to.not.be.undefined;
      expect(ccipEvent.args.data.slice(0, 68)).to.eq('0x010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001');

      // Subsequent attempt to propagate raffle with legitimate parameters reverts with InvalidRaffleStatus as raffle is already propagated
      await expect(manager.propagateRaffleWinner(counterpartContractAddress, 1, 1)).to.be.revertedWithCustomError(manager, 'InvalidRaffleStatus');
    });
```

### Mitigation

Two possible mitigations are:

1. `Winnables.TicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner` could be made into an admin-only function.
2. `prizeManager` and `chainSelector` could be converted to state variables. These could be set at contract creation and/or through admin-only setter functions. `Winnables.TicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner` could then be altered to accept only one parameter: `raffleId`.