Teeny Marmalade Ladybug

Medium

# Malicious User Can Brick Protocol and Drain Funds by Repeatedly Canceling Raffles in `WinnablesTicketManger`

### Summary

A malicious actor can exploit the `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle` function to cancel a raffle immediately after the prize is locked and the `RafflePrizeLocked` event is emitted. This prevents the admin from creating new raffles. Chainlink CCIP messaging fees between Ethereum and other chains range from $0.45 to $0.50 (see [Chainlink CCIP Billing](https://docs.chain.link/ccip/billing#network-fee-table)). Each attack incurs approximately $1 in CCIP fees, as it involves sending two messages: one when the admin locks the funds and another when the attacker cancels the raffle. 

This attack can be repeated continuously, and because locking funds is a prerequisite for starting any raffle, the admin must call the locking functions. Consequently, these fees can quickly accumulate, resulting in significant financial losses for the admin or protocol. Additionally, because Avalanche is used for the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract, the cost of executing the attack is relatively low—around $0.02 to $0.03. This makes the attack economically viable for the malicious actor, enabling them to prevent raffle creation and effectively brick the protocol.

### Root Cause

The lack of restrictions on who can call the `cancelRaffle` function in the `WinnablesTicketManager.sol` contract allows any user to cancel a raffle as soon as the prize is locked, leading to unnecessary Chainlink CCIP messaging fees and preventing raffle creation.

### Internal pre-conditions

The admin locks a prize using the `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol` contract, triggering the `RafflePrizeLocked` event.

### External pre-conditions

1. The attacker needs to monitor the blockchain for the `RafflePrizeLocked` event, indicating that a prize has been locked.
2. The attacker must have sufficient funds to cover the low transaction fees on the Avalanche network.

### Attack Path

1. The admin locks a prize on the `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol` contract, and the `RafflePrizeLocked` event is emitted.
2. The attacker, monitoring for this event, immediately calls the `cancelRaffle` function on the `WinnablesTicketManager.sol` contract.
3. This triggers the `_sendCCIPMessage()` function, sending a message to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract to cancel the raffle.
4. The raffle is canceled, and the admin is forced to lock the prize again to create a new raffle.
5. Each iteration of this attack incurs a Chainlink CCIP fee of approximately $1 for the admin, while the attacker only spends around $0.02 to $0.03 due to the low fees on Avalanche.
6. The attacker repeats this process continuously, effectively bricking the raffle creation process.

### Impact

1. Suffers from the inability to create raffles, effectively rendering the platform inoperable.
2. Face continuous losses due to the repeated need to pay Chainlink CCIP fees each time the raffle is canceled and restarted. This can accumulate into a substantial amount over time.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add these lines in `_checkShouldCancel`:
```solidity
    function _checkShouldCancel(uint256 raffleId) internal view {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
--        if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;
++        if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) {
++            if(_hasRole(msg.sender, 0)) return;
++       } else revert;
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.IDLE) revert InvalidRaffle();
        if (raffle.endsAt > block.timestamp) revert RaffleIsStillOpen();
        uint256 supply = IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).supplyOf(raffleId);
        if (supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached();
    }
```