Decent Scarlet Squid

Medium

# Users can not claim their rewards if they use an account abstraction wallet

## Summary
Account abstraction wallets can not work properly with the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail
When users buy tickets, the `WinnableTicket` contract directly mints tickets to the `msg.sender`. If the `msg.sender` is a smart contract, it is checked whether it implements the `onERC1155Received` function to ensure it is a valid receiver.

```solidity
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).mint(
            msg.sender,
            raffleId,
            ticketCount
        );
```

```solidity
  function _doSafeTransferAcceptanceCheck(
    address operator,
    address from,
    address to,
    uint256 id,
    uint256 amount
  ) private {
    if (to.isContract()) {
        // to = msg.sender
      try IERC1155Receiver(to).onERC1155Received(operator, from, id, amount, "") returns (bytes4 response) {
        if (response != IERC1155Receiver.onERC1155Received.selector) {
          revert TransferRejected();
        }
      } catch {
        revert TransferRejected();
      }
    }
  }
```

The protocol allows users to use smart wallets, but this can cause problems if the smart wallet is an account abstraction wallet.

Users with account abstraction wallets have different addresses across different chains for the same account, so if someone using an account abstraction wallet and buys tickets on Avalanche and is picked as a winner, they might have a different address on Ethereum and therefore can not claim their rewards.

Generally, users should be aware of this disadvantage of their wallet, but since the protocol is expected to support smart wallets, this edge case is not handled correctly.

## Impact
Users can not claim their rewards if they use an account abstraction wallet.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L208

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicket.sol#L198
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of directly minting to `msg.sender`, allow users to specify the address to which they want the tickets to be minted. This will help match their address on Ethereum if they use an account abstraction wallet.