Faint Ginger Urchin

High

# Roles can't be removed from addressses

## Summary

`Roles` contract is used as an Access Control in Winnables protocol. An admin (role `0`) is supposed to have an ability to set roles and to remove them from all addresses. However, a role once set can't be removed.

## Vulnerability Detail

Role `0` has an ability to call `setRole` function.

```javascript
function setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) external virtual onlyRole(0) {
    _setRole(user, role, status);
}
```

It takes address, role and status as parameters. Passed role will be granted or revoked from address depending on the `status` passed. If status is `true` it should grant user the passed role. If `false` it should remove this role from the passed address. The role once set can't be removed due to wrong implementation of internal `_setRole` function.

```javascript
function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
    uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);
    _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
    emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
}
```

We can see that the `status` is only used in event `emit`. No matter if `true` or `false` is passed, the role will be always set as active. The role can't be removed which creates many threats to protocol functionality and security.

The protocol expects that the role can be removed. It implements `status` bool that should determine if the role should be set or removed from desired address.

Proof of Concept:

Add this test to `Tickets.js` test file and run `yarn hardhat test`.

The logged results show that the role does not change after calling `setRole` with `false` as a parameter. It should remove the role but it does not.

```javascript
describe('Role revoking', () => {
    it('Sets and removes role', async () => {
      let role;

      console.log("Role before setting")
      role = await ticket.getRoles(signers[0].address);
      console.log(role);

      await (await ticket.setRole(signers[0].address, 2, true)).wait();

      console.log("Role after setting")
      role = await ticket.getRoles(signers[0].address);
      console.log(role);

      await (await ticket.setRole(signers[0].address, 2, false)).wait();

      console.log("Role after removing")
      role = await ticket.getRoles(signers[0].address);
      console.log(role);
    });
  });
```

## Impact`

Crucial roles can't be removed from addresses. It can lead to protocol exploit in case the whitelisted address has a bug or the private key gets compromised.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/e8b0603f6a155c7505dacc77194ae6789d0dbe7a/public-contracts/contracts/Roles.sol#L29-L33

## Tool used

Manual Review, Hardhat

## Recommendation

Use `status` variable to determine if the role should be set or removed.