Funny Pickle Grasshopper

High

# `Roles::_setRole` doesn't consider the `status`, prevents admins to remove roles.

## Summary
The `_setRole` function allows the admins to give a role or remove a role from a user by adjusting the `status` parameter to true or false. 
But the function `_setRole` doesn't care about the `status` and always adds the role for the user, if it is already set then it remains the same.
This prevents the admins to be able to remove roles from the users in case of certain discrepancy or malicious situation. 

## Vulnerability Detail
- The vulnerability is present in the `Roles::_setRole` function where it doesn't consider the `status` parameters, and always set the role provided by admin to the user
- The function expects 3 parameters - the user, the role, and the status, where status is a boolean denoting whether to give that role to user or to revoke it.
- But due to the function not checking the `status`, will always results in adding the role to user and if the user already has the role, then it remains the same.
- But admins will never be able to remove roles from users.

## Impact
- Admins not able to remove roles from the users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/Roles.sol#L29-L33

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement the `_setRole` function as below by considering the status parameter.
```solidity
function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
    uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);

    if (status) {
        require(!_hasRole(user, role), "User role already exists.");
        _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
    }
    else {
        require(_hasRole(user, role), "User already not have that role.");
        _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles ^ (1 << role));
    }

    emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
}
```