Daring Parchment Goblin

Medium

# Contract access control in `Roles.sol` could leave the protocol vulnerable to malicious attack

## Vulnerability Detail
Access control throughout the protocol is controlled by `roles`. By definition there could be up to `256` roles but currently only two are used. Let's look at how roles are assigned in `Roles::_setRole()`

```javascript
    function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
        uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);
        _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
        emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
    }
```

The roles are set by 'or' operation on a specific bit corresponding to the role. This allows a role to be set, but it cannot be unset. Further, the parameter `status` is unused and is directly passed to the `emit`, meaning it does not represent whether the role has been set correctly or not.

Imagine the following scenario: after deployment, a critical vulnerability in one of the contracts is found. This contract has access to restricted functions of the other contracts in the protocol. Ideally, the access could be revoked to reduce the extend of the damage, but in this case this is impossible.

Another scenario would be upon ownership change over the protocol. A new admin can be set, but the old one would still have access control to sensitive functions controlling the behaviour of the protocol.

## Impact
Wrong logic in setting roles would leave sensitive functions vulnerable

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/Winnables/public-contracts/blob/9474451539b7081f5b2e246c68b90a16e7c55b31/contracts/Roles.sol#L31

## Tools Used
Manual review

## Recommendation
The `Roles::_setRole()` function can be modified to be able to set and unset a specific role by using a '`xor`' operation in the following way:

```diff
    function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
        uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);
-       _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
+       _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles ^ (1 << role));
        emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
    }
```