Wide Charcoal Ram

High

# Old Owners Retain Unauthorized Access to Critical Functions in `WinnablesPrizeManager` and `WinnablesTicket` Contracts

### Summary

The `Roles` contract has not implemented code to remove existing role from a user. This bug that prevents the role of the old owner from being changed after ownership is transferred using the `transferOwnership()` function in `WinnablesPrizeManager` and `WinnablesTicket` contracts. This can cause a situation where the old owner retains unauthorized roles, and stealing funds and minting as much tickets they want.


### Root Cause

In [`Roles.sol:29`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/Roles.sol#L29C5-L33C6) The `_setRole` function in the `Roles` contract is intended to update the role of a user based on the `status` parameter. However, the function only adds or sets the role, and there is no logic to remove the role when `status` is `false`. As a result, once a role is granted, it cannot be revoked, which could lead to unauthorized access or privilege retention.

```solidity
    function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
        uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);
        _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
        emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/Roles.sol#L29C5-L33C6

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Admin need to change the contract ownership using `transferOwnership()` in `WinnablesPrizeManager` or `WinnablesTicket` contracts

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

In **WinnablesPrizeManager** contract

1. **Old Owners Exploiting CCIP Contracts**: Old owners can change the counterpart CCIP contracts by calling `setCCIPCounterpart()`, enabling them to drain the LINK balance by sending CCIP messages to these contracts.
2. **Locking Prizes**: Old owners can lock the prizes available in the contract by invoking the `lockNFT()`, `lockETH()`, and `lockTokens()` functions.
3. **Theft of Assets**: Old owners can steal tokens, NFTs, and ETH from the contract by using the `withdrawToken()`, `withdrawNFT()`, and `withdrawETH()` functions.

In **WinnablesTicket** contract

1. **Unlimited Ticket Minting**: Old owners can mint an unlimited number of tickets without spending any ETH by abusing the `mint()` function in the `WinnablesTicket` contract.


### Impact

The inability to remove roles from users can result in unauthorized access or continued privileges for users who should no longer hold certain roles. This vulnerability can lead to significant damage to the protocol. An attacker, such as a compromised old owner with access to their private key, could exploit this issue to:

- Steal NFTs, tokens, and ETH from the protocol.
- Drain LINK tokens used for CCIP messages.
- Mint an unlimited number of tickets without spending ETH.
- Manipulate the winnability of raffles.

Overall, these exploits could lead to the complete destruction of the protocol's integrity and functionality.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Please implement code to remove the role of a particular user. 

Sample code:

```diff
     function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
         uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);
+        if(status){
             _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
+        } else {
+            _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles & ~(1 << role));
+        }
         emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
     }
```