Narrow Latte Huskie

Medium

# Irreversible Role Assignment in Roles.sol

## Summary

The `_setRole()` function in the `Roles.sol` contract is found to lack the capability to revoke previously granted roles. It is designed to set roles but does not consider the status parameter when updating the roles, leading to permanent role assignments that cannot be reversed through the same function.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `_setRole` function updates the role of a user by setting a specific bit in a bytes32 value based on the role parameter. However, the function does not account for the status parameter when updating roles. It only uses a bitwise OR operation to set the role bit to 1, without providing a mechanism to clear a bit (set it to 0), which is necessary to revoke a role.

It is evident from the function declaration that status variable is used to enable or disable the role, There are 2 roles in the system, 0 and 1. Role 0 has the power to set the role of any other address to either 0 or 1 using the `_setRole` function

```solidity
function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
        uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);
        _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
        emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
    }
```

The function takes in 3 parameters out of which only 2 are used the address and the role. It is clear that the status bool was intended to set enabled roles back to disabled but the function is missing functionality.

## Impact

Given roles can not be taken back by the Role 0, This will allow an address which has been given a role to keep its power indefinitely which can cause issues once that address is no longer trusted.

E.g Role(1) can mint tickets, the address will keep this power and there is no way to remove it.

## Code Snippet

[_setRole()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/Roles.sol#L29-L33)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use the bool status to check if the input is true or false and then depending on the input change the role.