Custom Rosewood Bear

Medium

# The `WinnablesTicket.ownerOf` function might  always revert with Out-of-Gas for certain tickets leading to loss of funds

### Summary

The `WinnablesTicket` contract stores the owner of tickets only at the start id on minting. The `WinnablesTicket.ownerOf` function iterates backwards to the start id to find the owner of the target id. Each iteration costs approximate gas of `2349`. Considering the block gas limit of `15 million` for Avalanche C-Chain, the maximum iterations permitted will be approximately `6385`. 

The protocol allows users to buy upto `type(uint16).max` at a time. As a result, if a user buys more than `6385` tickets and the winning ticket is one of the last ones than the `ownerOf` function will always revert.

The `WinnablesTicketManager._getWinnerByRequestId` calls the `ownerOf` function to determine the winner and is used in the `WinnablesTicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner`. The `propagateRaffleWinner` unlocks the ETH raised from ticket sales and sends the winner message.

Because the `ownerOf` function fails in the mentioned cases, the prize money and the funds from ticket sales for these raffles will get stuck in the contracts.

Note the gas used for other operations in the `propagateRaffleWinner` further reduce the limit from `6385`.

### Root Cause

The [`WinnablesTicket.ownerOf`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicket.sol#L93-L99) function iterates in a loop and might require gas more than the block gas limit of the Avalanche chain leading to DoS

### Internal pre-conditions

1. User buys more than ~6385 tickets in a single call and the winner is a ticket at the end after the `6385` tickets in the lot.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. User buys tickets 10,001 to 17000 (total 7000 tickets) in a single call
    - The `WinnablesTicket` contract sets the owner only for ticket `10,001`
2. The ticket number 16900 wins the raffle
3. The `propagateWinnerRaffle` function is called to declare winner and unlock the funds.
    - The `propagateWinnerRaffle` function calls the `WinnablesTicket.ownerOf` function which iterates from `16900` ticket till the `10,001` ticket to find the owner.
    - The gas required for the operation exceeds the block gas limit (15 million) and the operation cannot be executed.
4. The prize money and the ETH from ticket sales are indefinitely locked

### Impact

The winner loses the prize money for the raffle and the protocol loses the ETH raised from the ticket sales

### PoC

```solidity
// Not a PoC, used this to measure the gas costs
contract Test {
    mapping(uint256 raffleId => mapping(uint256 ticketId => address owner)) private _ticketOwnership;

    function setOwner(uint256 id, uint256 ticketId, uint256 diff) public {
        uint256 s = ticketId - diff;
        _ticketOwnership[id][s] = msg.sender;
    }

    function delOwner(uint256 id, uint256 ticketId, uint256 diff) public {
        uint256 s = ticketId - diff;
        delete _ticketOwnership[id][s];
    }

    function ownerOf(uint256 id, uint256 ticketId, uint256 startTicketId) public view returns (uint256) {
        uint gasStart = gasleft();
        while (_ticketOwnership[id][ticketId] == address(0)) {
            unchecked { --ticketId; }
        }
        uint gasEnd = gasleft();
        
        // uint gasConsumed = gasStart - gasEnd;
        // uint numTickets = ticketId - startTicketId;
        // assert(gasConsumed ~= 2349*(numTickets - 1) + 2331);
        return gasStart - gasEnd;
    }
}
```

### Mitigation

Determine maximum number of tickets that can be purchased that does not cause the Out-of-Gas exception and use that as the upper bound in the `WinnabelsTicketManager.buyTickets`. 

Additionally, consider storing the start id in an array while minting the tickets and use a binary search algorithm purposed for this case.