Abundant Leather Cow

Medium

# [MEDIUM]- User role can't be removed .The `_setRole` function cannot remove a role for a user due to incorrect implementation; it fails to remove the user's role.

## Summary
In the `Roles.sol::_setRole` function, once a role is assigned to a user, it cannot be removed due to a flaw in the implementation.
The `bool status` parameter is not used in the current implementation.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `_setRole` function in the contract is intended to manage user roles by either assigning or removing a specific role based on the `bool status` parameter. However, the current implementation ignores the status parameter, failing to remove a role from a user when status is false.
Once a role is assigned to a user, it cannot be removed with the current implementation of the function.

## Impact
The role assigned to a user cannot be removed by the admin or anyone else if they want to ensure that a user does not have a particular role in future in the protocol.
This vulnerability could be exploited to compromise the integrity of the raffle, potentially leading to unfair results or financial loss.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/Roles.sol#L29
```solidity
function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
        uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);
        _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
        emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The following implementation can be done to ensure the intended working of the `_setRole` function, It ensures that a role is assigned to a user if `status` is true and removed from a user if `status` is false.

```diff
function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
    uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);
-    _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
+    if (status) {
+       // Assign role
+       _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
+   } else {
+        // Remove role
+        _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles & ~(1 << role));
+    }
    emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
}
```