Suave Bronze Monkey

High

# Admin cannot revoke roles from granted users, so they cannot remove malicious parties.

### Summary

Documentation in the context of this contest states `Role 0 is an admin role and it allows its members to grant or deny roles to other users. That role is granted to the deployer in the constructor.`.
However, missing implementation to revoke roles from granted users will cause an impossibility for admins  to remove compromised granted roles.
 

### Root Cause

In [Roles.sol:29-33](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/Roles.sol#L29-L33), `status` param is not used indeed, and this function was implemented for only grant roles whether `status` is `true` or `false`. 
`setRoles` function has `status` param for applying revoking as well as granting, but `status` was not ignored in implementation.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Admin can't revoke roles of granted users.
Admin should have permissions to revoke roles of other users as well as granting in protocol because some roles can be compromised and protocol may fall into unintended and unexpected situation according to documentation.
However, impossiblity to revoke roles in the protocol, admins can resolve issues happened in the protocol.
There are also no mechanism that can pause/unpause the funcionalities of the protocol, so impacts on the protocol could be worse.
 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Please implement correctly `setRoles` function for the `status` param. 
```diff
function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
        uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);
-       _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role)); 
+       if (status) {
+            _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role)); // Grant role
+       } else {
+            _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles & ~(1 << role)); // Revoke role
+       }
        emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
}
```