Prehistoric Metal Rabbit

High

# Admin can deny winnings by disabling the approved CCIP counterpart, causing results propagation to fail

### Summary

Per the contest README:

> Winnables admins cannot do anything to prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize

By abusing `setCCIPCounterpart`, after the winner was decided, the admin can deny said winner from withdrawing their prize.

### Root Cause

Each raffle, the protocol relies on the Chainlink VRF to determine a winning ticket on the Avalanche chain. When the randomness request is fulfilled, anyone can call `WinnablesTicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner()` to send the results to Ethereum Mainnet via a CCIP message, committing a winner and allowing them to claim the prize.

During `_ccipReceive()` on the receiving end, the receiving contract performs a check to see if the sender was actually the Winnables contract on the other chain:

```solidity
(address _senderAddress) = abi.decode(message.sender, (address));
bytes32 counterpart = _packCCIPContract(_senderAddress, message.sourceChainSelector);
if (!_ccipContracts[counterpart]) revert UnauthorizedCCIPSender();
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L263-L265

However, at any time, admin can call `setCCIPCounterpart()` to remove the counterpart as a trusted address, even after a winner was decided. 

```solidity
function setCCIPCounterpart(
    address contractAddress,
    uint64 chainSelector,
    bool enabled
) external onlyRole(0) {
    _setCCIPCounterpart(contractAddress, chainSelector, enabled);
}
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L134

Then the admin is able to deny selected winners' winnings any time after the VRF result was returned, and before the results were propagated (e.g. before `propagateRaffleWinner()` is called, or before the CCIP message reaches the Ethereum Mainnet side), causing every received CCIP message to fail, and the winner is never propagated.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. The admin locks a prize, and starts a raffle as normal. People starts buying tickets to enter the raffle over on Avalanche chain.
2. The buying phase finishes, admin starts the VRF roll.
3. The VRF roll is returned, and a winner is selected. Now anyone can call `propagateRaffleWinner()` to deliver the results to the Mainnet.
4. Admin doesn't like the winner, so before the message is delivered to the Mainnet, the admin calls `setCCIPCounterpart()` on the Mainnet prize manager and denies and message coming from the Avalanche ticket manager.
5. Because the message never goes through, the winner is never propagated to the prize manager, and the winner cannot claim their prize.
6. Admin can reclaim the prize by setting another contract on Avalanche as the CCIP counterpart, and send a `RAFFLE_CANCELED` message to unlock the prize.

### Impact

Admin is able to deny selected winners of their winnings. This breaks a core invariant defined by the protocol.

This also has no pre-conditions, and the result is that the winner is denied all their rightful winnings within a raffle.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

When the prize is locked and the raffle is created, also lock in the ticket manager address as part of the raffle parameters.
