Agreeable Jetblack Seahorse

High

# Attacker re-enters the `buyTickets()` and `mint()` functions

### Summary

Due to the lack of Reentrancy Guard `nonReentrant` in the `WinnablesTicketManager.sol` contract, an attacker can buy a large amount of tickets using reentrancy and his chances in the raffle will be unfairly increased.

Due to the lack of Reentrancy Guard `nonReentrant` in the `WinnablesTicket.sol` contract, an attacker can mint a large amount of tickets using reentrancy

### Root Cause

In `WinnablesTicketManager:182` due to the lack of Reentrancy Guard `nonReentrant`

In `WinnablesTicket:182` due to the lack of Reentrancy Guard `nonReentrant`

The root cause of these 2 problems:

OpenZeppelin's ERC1155.sol includes callback functions to manage NFTs and prevent them from getting stuck in contracts. For NFT contracts, there exist some implicit external function calls that could be neglected by developers. They include onERC1155Received function. The `onERC1155Received` function was designed to check whether the receiver contract can handle NFTs. This function is invoked in the `_doSafeTransferAcceptanceCheck()` of the `WinnablesTicket` contract. Due to this external function call, the reentrancy could happen without being noticed by contract developer.

https://www.rareskills.io/post/where-to-find-solidity-reentrancy-attacks

The `mint` function is called in the `buyTickets` function.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L208
```solidity
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).mint(msg.sender, raffleId, ticketCount);
```


`mint` calls `_doSafeTransferAcceptanceCheck`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicket.sol#L198
```solidity
  function mint(address to, uint256 id, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(1) {
    if (to == address(0)) {
      revert TransferToAddressZero();
    }
    address operator = msg.sender;
    uint256 startId = _supplies[id];

    unchecked {
      _balances[id][to] += amount;
      _supplies[id] = startId + amount;
    }

    _ticketOwnership[id][startId] = to;
    emit NewTicket(id, startId, amount);
    emit TransferSingle(operator, address(0), to, id, amount);

    _doSafeTransferAcceptanceCheck(operator, address(0), to, id, amount);
  }
```


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicket.sol#L226
```solidity
  function _doSafeTransferAcceptanceCheck(
    address operator,
    address from,
    address to,
    uint256 id,
    uint256 amount
  ) private {
    if (to.isContract()) {
      try IERC1155Receiver(to).onERC1155Received(operator, from, id, amount, "") returns (bytes4 response) {
        if (response != IERC1155Receiver.onERC1155Received.selector) {
          revert TransferRejected();
        }
      } catch {
        revert TransferRejected();
      }
    }
  }
```

And there we can see that `mint` will ultimately try to call a function `onERC1155Received` on the receiving function. Now we have handed control over to another contract.

According to what I said above, the malicious person can abuse the same things and write in the `onERC1155Received` function of his contract to call the `buyTickets()` function many times in a loop. The same thing can happen with the mint function.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Attacker calls the `buyTickets()` function.

2. Due to the lack of Reentrancy Guard adherence, the attacker re-enters the `buyTickets()` function in `onERC1155Received` before the initial call completes.

3. This process can be repeated, allowing the attacker to buy tickets more than their allowed.

The same thing can happen with the mint function:

1. Attacker calls the `mint()` function.

2. Due to the lack of Reentrancy Guard adherence, the attacker re-enters the `mint()` function in `onERC1155Received` before the initial call completes.

3. This process can be repeated, allowing the attacker to mint (Raffle tickets) more than their allowed.

### Impact

Regarding the buyTickets function, the malicious person can buy a large amount of tickets using reentrancy for the raffle.

Regarding the mint function,  the malicious person can mint a large amount of tickets using reentrancy.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add a reentrancy guard (`nonReentrant()`)