Mammoth Stone Grasshopper

High

# Admin can prevent users from getting their prizes by using a malicious CCIP counterpart to start a raffle without a locked prize

### Summary

The `WinnablesTicketManager::_ccipReceive` function is responsible for allowing the admin to start a raffle after they lock an asset as the raffle prize. This function ensures that only messages from [valid CCIP counterparts](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L370) are processed. However, the admin has the ability to add new CCIP counterparts using the [`WinnablesTicketManager::setCCIPCounterpart`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L238) function. This means that a malicious or compromised admin could deploy a fraudulent CCIP counterpart and use it to send messages that allow for a raffle to be started without an actual prize being locked.

### Root Cause

The root cause of this vulnerability is the unchecked power of the admin to add new CCIP counterparts, with the unchecked power of CCIP counterparts to allow the creation of a raffle:
1. The admin can add any address as a valid CCIP counterpart.
2. Any CCIP can allow the creation of a raffle.

### Internal pre-conditions

The admin must add a new CCIP counterpart.
The admin must start a raffle without locking an asset as a prize.

### External pre-conditions

The admin must deploy a malicious CCIP counterpart and use it to send a message to the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract allowing the creation of a raffle.

### Attack Path

1. The admin deploys a malicious CCIP counterpart contract.
2. The admin uses `WinnablesTicketManager::setCCIPCounterpart` to add this malicious contract as a valid CCIP counterpart.
3. The malicious contract sends a message via CCIP that triggers the `WinnablesTicketManager::_ccipReceive` function, also triggering the start of a raffle.
4. The raffle will be created and users will be able to buy tickets for the raffle, which, in the end, will send the entrance fees to the contract but will not send the prize to the winner.

### Impact

The contract will be able to get the raffle fees without sending a raffle prize to the winner.

### PoC

The test below, already in the [project's test suite](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/test/TicketManager.js#L127), shows that a newly added CCIP Counterpart can notify the locking of a prize:

```javascript
  it('Should notify when the prize is locked', async () => {
    await (await manager.setCCIPCounterpart(counterpartContractAddress, 1, true)).wait();
    const tx = await whileImpersonating(ccipRouter.address, ethers.provider, async (signer) =>
      manager.connect(signer).ccipReceive({
        messageId: ethers.constants.HashZero,
        sourceChainSelector: 1,
        sender: '0x' + counterpartContractAddress.slice(-40).padStart(64, '0'),
        data: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001',
        destTokenAmounts: []
      })
    );
    const { events } = await tx.wait();
    expect(events).to.have.lengthOf(1);
    expect(events[0].event).to.eq('RafflePrizeLocked');
    const { raffleId } = events[0].args;
    expect(raffleId).to.eq(1);
  });
```

### Mitigation

This issue can be mitigated by setting the CCIP counterparts in the contract's constructor and not allowing for it to be changed.