Amusing Boysenberry Kitten

High

# Raffle's mint supply can exceed maxTicketSupply

## Summary
Minter role can mint raffle to cause the supply exceed the maxTicketSupply. This will reduce normal buyers' winner chances a lot.

## Vulnerability Detail
In WinnablesTicket, normal users can mint raffle via buying tokens, and at the same time, the miner role can mint some raffle to some people for free.
The sponsor has already mention this point in readme as below:
```md
Because we want to reserve the right to distribute free tickets to partners for marketing purposes, the admin can virtually mint out raffle tickets to addresses of their choice. The existence of max ticket supply and max holdings however guarantees a minimum level of fairness in that raffle participants can be sure that by purchasing tickets, they have a hard minimum odds of winning equal to numberOfTicketsPuchased / totalTicketSupply. Therefore, by granting free tickets, admin only reduce their own earnings potential.
```
In this description, sponsor also mentions that normal buyers will have a hard minimum odds of winning equal to numberOfTicketsPuchased / totalTicketSupply.
The problem is that the hard minimum odds of winning equal can be easily broken by the miner role. The `minimum odds of winning equal to numberOfTicketsPuchased / totalTicketSupply` assumption is based on one condition that this raffle's maximum supply cannot exceed `totalTicketSupply`. When the miner role mints some free raffle for some people, the amount is not limited by `totalTicketSupply`. This will cause the supply exceed `totalTicketSupply` a lot and decrease normal buyers' winning chance a lot.

```solidity
  function mint(address to, uint256 id, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(1) {
    if (to == address(0)) {
      revert TransferToAddressZero();
    }
    address operator = msg.sender;
    uint256 startId = _supplies[id];

    unchecked {
      _balances[id][to] += amount;
      _supplies[id] = startId + amount;
    }

    _ticketOwnership[id][startId] = to;
    emit NewTicket(id, startId, amount);
    emit TransferSingle(operator, address(0), to, id, amount);

    _doSafeTransferAcceptanceCheck(operator, address(0), to, id, amount);
  }
```

## Impact
Minter roles can decrease normal buyers' winning chance a lot. This will break the assumption `however guarantees a minimum level of fairness in that raffle participants can be sure that by purchasing tickets, they have a hard minimum odds of winning equal to numberOfTicketsPuchased / totalTicketSupply.` in readme.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicket.sol#L182-L199
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add the related supply check when the miner role mints free raffles to make sure the raffle's supply cannot exceed `totalTicketSupply`