Faithful Lemonade Penguin

Medium

# Cancel Raffle Functionality Does Not Consider Start Time

## Summary
The `cancelRaffle` function allows anyone to cancel a raffle based on the `_checkShouldCancel` function. However, this function does not account for the raffle's start time, meaning that a raffle owner cannot cancel the raffle before it starts. This oversight could prevent the owner from making adjustments to the raffle in response to changing market conditions before it begins.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `_checkShouldCancel` function currently checks if the raffle should be canceled based on the following conditions:
```solidity
function _checkShouldCancel(uint256 raffleId) internal view {
    Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
    if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;
    if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.IDLE) revert InvalidRaffle();
    if (raffle.endsAt > block.timestamp) revert RaffleIsStillOpen();
    uint256 supply = IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).supplyOf(raffleId);
    if (supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached();
}
```
However, the logic does not consider the raffle's start time. If a raffle is scheduled to start 10 days later, the owner cannot cancel it until the end time is reached, which could be 10 days plus the raffle's duration. This restriction is problematic if the raffle has not yet started that means no tickets have been sold, as the owner might want to modify or cancel the raffle due to market changes or other considerations.

## Impact
The current logic prevents the owner from canceling raffles that have not started yet. This can cause operational issues for the owner, particularly in volatile market conditions where changes to the raffle's parameters might be necessary before it begins.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L434

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Allow the owner to cancel raffles that have not started yet, as no one has purchased any tickets. This can be achieved by modifying the `_checkShouldCancel` function to include a check for the raffle's start time:

```diff
function _checkShouldCancel(uint256 raffleId) internal view {
    Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
    if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;
    if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.IDLE) revert InvalidRaffle();
+   if (raffle.startsAt > block.timestamp && msg.sender == ADIMN) return;
    if (raffle.endsAt > block.timestamp) revert RaffleIsStillOpen();
    uint256 supply = IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).supplyOf(raffleId);
    if (supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached();
}
```
This adjustment will allow the owner to cancel the raffle before it starts.
