Handsome Umber Dragonfly

High

# Admin will fail to withdraw tokens from the contract WinnablesTicketManager due to incorrect balance check

### Summary

A faulty balance check in the **withdrawTokens** function will cause an inability to withdraw tokens for the admin as the function will revert if the withdrawal amount is less than the contract's balance. This incorrect logic will prevent proper token management, effectively locking funds in the contract.

### Root Cause

In `WinnablesTicketManager:296`  there is an incorrect conditional check on the token balance

```solidity
if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
```

This should instead check if the **amount** is greater than **balance**, as it currently reverts when the **amount** is less than **balance**, which is the opposite of the intended logic.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The contract must hold a balance of an ERC-20 token, where `balance = token.balanceOf(address(this))`.

2. The administrator (onlyRole(0)) attempts to withdraw an **amount** of tokens that is available within the contract's balance.

### External pre-conditions

1. The ERC-20 token must support the standard balanceOf and safeTransfer functions.

2. The administrator has been granted the onlyRole(0) role, which allows them to execute the withdrawTokens function.

### Attack Path

1. The administrator calls the **withdrawTokens** function with a valid token address and an amount to withdraw.

2. The function calculates the token balance using `balance = token.balanceOf(address(this))`.

3. The function incorrectly checks if the withdrawal **amount**  is less than the **balance** using the condition if `(amount < balance)`.

4. If the **amount** is less than **balance**, the function incorrectly reverts, triggering an InsufficientBalance error, and preventing the withdrawal.

### Impact

The admin will fail to withdraw tokens from the contract, leading to a potential lockup of funds. This situation can disrupt the proper management of tokens and lead to operational issues if the funds are urgently needed. Although no tokens are lost, they become inaccessible, which can have severe operational consequences.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To fix the vulnerability, the conditional check in the withdrawTokens function should be corrected to properly validate the withdrawal amount against the contract's token balance.

```solidity
function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
    IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
    uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));

    // Corrected conditional check
    if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance();

    // Transfer the specified amount of tokens to the caller
    token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
}

```