Hollow Walnut Tadpole

Medium

# Raffles allowing purchase of high amount of tickets might result in DoS and raffle winner not being able to claim the prize

### Summary

Allowing the maximum number of tickets to be purchased in a single transaction, up to `type(uint16).max` as mentioned in the `README.md`, could cause the `WinnablesTicketManager:propagateRaffleWinner()` function to exceed the gas block limit, leading to an inevitable revert. In this case, neither the raffle winner nor the admins would be able to unlock or claim the prize. Since the current limit allows up to `65535` tickets, and transactions involving even around `13000` tickets can already result in reverts, it's likely that in a scenario where a user buys the maximum number of tickets and wins, they would be unable to claim their prize.

### Root Cause

In `WinnablesTicketManager:propagateRaffleWinner()`, the function `WinnablesTicket:ownerOf()` is used to select a winner https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L476. This function contains a `while` loop https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicket.sol#L97 that can potentially iterate up to `type(uint16).max - 1` times. Even with significantly fewer iterations, the transaction could exceed the gas block limit. If the transaction does not revert, it could still become excessively expensive to execute.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The admin must call the function `WinnablesTicketManager::createRaffle()` with `maxTickets` exceeding a certain threshold. In the Proof of Concept (PoC), a value of `13000` was sufficient to cause `WinnablesTicket:ownerOf()` to revert.
2. When Chainlink VRF triggers the `WinnablesTicketManager::fulfillRandomWords()` function, the random number must be farther from the first purchased ticket than `13000`, which was the value used in the PoC.

### External pre-conditions

- The only precondition is that the admin must set up the raffle by locking the prize in `WinnablesPrizeManager`, as is required for any other raffle.

### Attack Path

1. A user will buy too many tickets at once using the `WinnablesTicketManager::buyTickets()` function.

### Impact

- The user who purchased tickets is unable to claim the raffle prize they won.
- Additionally, the user cannot receive a refund, leaving the prize permanently locked in the contract because the status was already set to `RaffleStatus.FULFILLED` by the Chainlink VRF callback.

### PoC


The following test shows how `WinnablesTicket::ownerOf()` exceeds the gas block limit after user buys `13000` tickets. This function is internally called when propagating the winner.

```js
const { ethers } = require("hardhat");
const { expect } = require("chai");
const { ccipDeployTicketManager } = require("../utils/demo");

describe("Testing gas block limit", () => {
  let signers;
  let manager;
  let ticket;
  let winnablesDeployer;
  let numberOfTickets = 13000;

  before(async () => {
    signers = await ethers.getSigners();
    const result = await ccipDeployTicketManager();
    winnablesDeployer = signers[0];
    manager = result.ticketManager;
    ticket = result.ticket;
  });

  it(`Mints ${numberOfTickets} tickets`, async () => {
    await (await ticket.setRole(signers[0].address, 1, true)).wait();
    const { events } = await (
      await ticket.mint(signers[1].address, 1, numberOfTickets)
    ).wait();
  });

  it(`Checks if ticket ${
    numberOfTickets - 1
  } belongs to its owner`, async () => {
    const ticketOwner = await ticket.ownerOf(1, numberOfTickets - 1);
    expect(ticketOwner).to.eq(signers[1].address);
  });
});
```

### Mitigation

Limit the `maxTickets` value in `WinnablesTicketManager::createRaffle()` to a lower number, such as `type(uint8).max`, to ensure that calling `WinnablesTicketManager::propagateRaffleWinner()` not only avoids reverting but also remains cost-efficient.