Shiny Peach Crocodile

Medium

# Incorrect balance check in `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawTokens`

## Summary
The `withdrawTokens` function in the `WinnablesTicketManager.sol` contract incorrectly checks if the withdrawal amount is less than the contract's token balance, which causes the function to revert when it should not. This error prevents the proper withdrawal of tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function `withdrawTokens` is intended to allow an admin to withdraw tokens that were accidentally sent to the contract. However, the logic used to check the token balance is flawed:

```solidity
function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
        if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance(); // @audit incorrect check
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```
This condition incorrectly reverts when `amount` is less than `balance`, which is the opposite of the intended check. The correct logic should ensure that the function reverts only when the requested withdrawal amount exceeds the available token balance.

If the `amount` is larger than the `balance`, the check `if (amount < balance)` will be false, so it will not revert at this step; however when the code reaches `token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);`, the `safeTransfer` function will attempt to transfer more tokens than the contract holds. Since the `safeTransfer` function includes internal checks to prevent such a transfer, it will cause the transaction to revert, preventing the withdrawal.

The only time tokens can be withdrawn is when `amount == balance`. 

## Impact
- **Functionality Impact:** The current implementation prevents withdrawals even when there is a sufficient balance of tokens in the contract. This would hinder the admin's ability to manage tokens within the contract. The current revert message would also be misleading, potentially confusing the admin. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292-L297

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Modify the balance check to ensure that the function only reverts when the requested amount exceeds the available token balance. The corrected code should be:
```solidity
uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
```
This change ensures that withdrawals are properly processed when there is a sufficient balance, and only reverts when the contract does not have enough tokens to fulfill the withdrawal request.