Refined Violet Tardigrade

High

# In `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawTokens`  Function Can Withdraw Locked Tokens Reserved for Raffles, Preventing Raffle Winners from Claiming Prizes

## Description

The `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawTokens`  function allows an admin with the appropriate role to withdraw ERC20 tokens held by the contract. However, this function only verifies whether the withdrawal amount is less than the contract's total token balance. It does not account for tokens that should be locked and reserved for ongoing raffles. Consequently, an admin could unintentionally or maliciously withdraw tokens that are meant to be locked, compromising the integrity of the raffle system.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L290C3-L297C6

## Impact

AIf locked tokens are withdrawn, the contract may no longer have sufficient tokens to fulfill the obligations of ongoing raffles. This could result in raffle winners being unable to claim their prizes, leading to financial loss and a significant erosion of trust in the platform.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation

Modify the withdrawTokens function to subtract the amount of locked tokens from the contract’s total balance before allowing any withdrawal. Ensure that the function checks whether the remaining balance (after considering locked tokens) is sufficient to fulfill the withdrawal request. Implement a similar approach as seen in the withdrawETH function, where _lockedETH is subtracted from the contract's balance before withdrawals.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L290C3-L297C6

```diff
    function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
-        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
+        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this))-_tokensLocked[token];
        if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```


