Custom Rosewood Bear

High

# Admin can overwrite owner of the winning ticket using integer overflow

### Summary

The `WinnablesTicket.mint` function uses `unchecked` block to update tickets supply allowing for integer overflow. The Winnables admins can exploit the integer overflow bug after declaration of the winning ticket to overwrite the winning ticket owner address by decreasing the absolute ticket supply value to the winning ticket number and then minting a new ticket.

As a result, the integer overflow bug allows admins to violate the following principles which must always hold true:

> - Winnables admins cannot do anything to prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize
> - Admins cannot affect the odds of a raffle

### Description

Definition of the [`WinnablesTicket.mint`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicket.sol#L182-L199)  function:

```solidity
  function mint(address to, uint256 id, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(1) {
    if (to == address(0)) {
      revert TransferToAddressZero();
    }
    address operator = msg.sender;
    uint256 startId = _supplies[id];

    unchecked {
      _balances[id][to] += amount;
      // @audit integer overflow
      _supplies[id] = startId + amount;
    }

    _ticketOwnership[id][startId] = to;
   // [...]
  }
```

Exploit Scenario:

- Raffle (id = `1`) has ended and in total ,users bought `2**25` tickets.
    - `WinnablesTickets._supplies[1] == 2**25`
- Winner is drawn for the raffle: CCIP fulfills the request and the randomWord is filled for Raffle `1` in the WinnablesTicketManager contract.
    - Winner is the owner of ticket `1337`
- Admin gives ticket manager role(`Role(1)`) to an EOA and performs 2 transactions before the `WinnablesTicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner` function is called
    1. `WinnablesTicketManager.mint(to = Y, id = 1, amount1)`
        - amount1 = `type(uint256).max - _supplies[1] + winningTicket + 1`;
        - `winningTicket` is `1337` => `amount1 = 115792089237316195423570985008687907853269984665640564039457584007913096086841`
        - After the tx: `_supplies[1] = 1337`
    2. `WinnablesTicketManager.mint(to = Z, id = 1, amount2)`
        - amount2 = `2**25 - 1337 = previousSupply - winnintTicketNumber`
        - After the tx: `_ticketOwnership[1][1337] == Z`, `_supplies[1] == 2**25`
- The `propagateRaffleWinner` function is called and the new winner is the admin controlled address `Z`



### Root Cause

Use of `unchecked` block for adding supplies amount in the [`mint`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicket.sol#L191) function.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Admin can overwrite the owner address of the winning ticket after the winner is determined. Admin can perform this for all open raffles, users lose all the locked eth at the time of attack.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Remove the use of `unchecked` block and perform checked operations or Consider enabling only the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract to call `mint` operation.