Funny Pickle Grasshopper

Medium

# `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawTokens` doesn't allow withdrawals for token amount less than the balance present in the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract.

## Summary
- The `withdrawTokens` function allows withdrawal of tokens that are accidently sent or the LINK token (used for fees related to CCIP or VRF).
- But it doesn't allow withdrawals if the amount requested for withdrawal is less than the balance in the `WinnablesTicketManager` due to an incorrect check.
- For the tokens other than LINK, the owner can take out full amounts.
- But for LINK token, if the user takes out the full amount and deposit the required amount but the transactions related to requesting random words or cross chain messaging occurring right after full withdrawal will face Denial of Service as there is no LINK token present in the WinnablesTicketManager.

## Vulnerability Detail
- The vulnerability is present in the `withdrawTokens` function where it reverts for token withdrawals having withdrawal request amount less than balance.
- Resulting in owner's transaction failing for withdrawal amounts less than the balance.
- As a result of which in order to perform withdrawals owners have to withdraw the full amount,
- But it will create a problem for LINK token withdrawal as any transaction requesting for random words or cross-chain messaging occurring after withdrawal of full LINK token, will face DoS as there is no LINK token present to pay for fees.

## Impact
- Owners will not be able to perform withdrawals for withdraw amount less than balance.
- But even if owner carries out full withdrawal of LINK token, then transactions (random words request or ccip messaging) occurring right after it will face DoS.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L295

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Correct the check as below:
```diff
    function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
-       if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
+       if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```