Breezy Amethyst Penguin

Medium

# `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens` function executes `if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance()`, where checking `amount < balance` is a code mistake, in which calling such function can cause `WinnablesTicketManager` contract's fee tokens for sending CCIP messages to become insufficient

### Summary

After some LINK tokens are accidentally sent to the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract, the admin needs to call the `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens` function to recover these accidentally sent LINK tokens. However, since the `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens` function executes `if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance()`, all of the LINK tokens held by the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract must be transferred out from itself for successfully calling the `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens` function. This causes the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract's fee tokens for sending CCIP messages through the router to be insufficient, which blocks such CCIP messaging from being completed.

### Root Cause

The `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens` function executes `if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance()`, where checking `amount < balance` is a code mistake.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Some LINK tokens are accidentally sent to the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract.

### External pre-conditions

Not applicable

### Attack Path

1. The admin calls the `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens` function for recovering these LINK tokens accidentally sent to the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract.
2. Since the `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens` function executes `if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance()`, the admin has to call this function with the `amount` input equaling the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract's LINK balance.
3. All of the LINK tokens held by the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract are transferred out from such contract.
4. The `WinnablesTicketManager` contract's fee tokens for sending CCIP messages through the router become insufficient so such CCIP messaging cannot be completed.

### Impact

In order to recover the LINK tokens accidentally sent to the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract, all of the LINK tokens held by the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract must be transferred out from itself through calling the `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens` function. This causes the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract to lack fee tokens for sending CCIP messages through the router so such CCIP messaging cannot be done.

### PoC

Because the `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens` function executes `if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance()`, calling it with the `amount` input being less than the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract's balance of the `tokenAddress` token always reverts.

Therefore, whenever the admin needs to withdraw LINK tokens that are accidentally sent to the `WinnablesTicketManager`  contract, such admin has to call the `WinnablesTicketManager.withdrawTokens` function with the `amount` input equaling the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract's LINK balance, which transfers all of the LINK tokens held by the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract out from itself.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L290-L297
```solidity
    /// @notice (Admin) Withdraw Link or any ERC20 tokens accidentally sent here
    /// @param tokenAddress Address of the token contract
    function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
@>      if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```

### Mitigation

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L295 can be updated to the following code.

```solidity
        if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
```