Custom Rosewood Bear

Medium

# Winners might not be able to retrieve prize money if its a contract

### Summary

The Winnables protocol allows contracts to buy tickets. Because winner address on the mainnet is the same address as the buyer on Avalanche, the Winnables protocol requires that a contract is also deployed at the same address on the mainnet to retrieve the prize money. 

As this is not enforced and undocumented, if a user uses contract to buy tickets on Avalanche and cannot deploy a contract on the mainnet at the same address because of nonce, etc, then the prize money for that raffle is indefinitely locked in the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract.

Code:

Definition of [`WinnablesTicket._doSafeTransferAcceptanceCheck` ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicket.sol#L217-L225) indicating that the contracts can buy tickets.

Definition of the [`WinnablesTicketManager._getWinnerByRequestId`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L472-L477) that uses the buyer address as the winner.

Definition of the [`WinnablesPrizeManager.claimPrize`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L105-L120) function requiring the winner to call the `claimPrize` function.

### Root Cause

Winnables protocol allows contracts to buy tickets and require presence of a contract at the same address on the Ethereum mainnet.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. User uses contract to buy tickets without ensuring that a contract can be deployed on the mainnet that can retrieve the prize money.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Some of the winners which are contracts cannot claim prize money and the funds become locked indefinitely in the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add a `mapping` variable to the `WinnablesTicketManager` allowing users to specify a different addresses to retrieve prize money and to buy the tickets. Users can set the prize receiver address to EOA for the contract address. Propagate the prize receiver address as the winner to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract.