Blunt Smoke Crane

Medium

# Admin withdrawals of ERC20 tokens can be DOSed by a malicious user

### Summary

In the ``WinnablesTicketManager.sol`` contract the admin should always have some LINK tokens deposited in order to pay for the CCIP messages that are sent from the contract. The contract implements the [withdrawTokens()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292-L297) function to allow the admin to withdraw some ERC20 tokens from the contract if he decides to. However there is an incorrect check in the [withdrawTokens()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292-L297) function:
```solidity
    function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
        if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```
As can be seen from the code snippet above, if the admin tries to withdraw an amount of ERC20 tokens that is less than the contract balance the function will revert. This can be exploited by a malicious user, who can see that the admin has called the [withdrawTokens()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292-L297) function and frontruns his transaction and sends 1 WEI of LINK token to the contract, this way the [withdrawTokens()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292-L297) function will revert, and the admin won't be able to withdraw the funds he has deposited in the ``WinnablesTicketManager.sol`` contract. Frontruning is possible on Avalance.

### Root Cause

Wrong amount check in the [withdrawTokens()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292-L297) function. 

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Admin has deposited some amount of LINK tokens in the ``WinnablesTicketMangaer.sol`` contract
2. He wants to withdraw the LINK tokens from the ``WinnablesTicketMangaer.sol`` contract as there is no longer demand for raffles.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Admin deposits 10_000 LINK tokens in the ``WinnablesPrizeManager.sol`` contract.
2. There are a several raffles held, but there is no longer demand for raffles and the admin decides to withdraw the LINK tokens he has previously deposited in the ``WinnablesPrizeManager.sol`` contract. Lets say that there are 9_998 LINK tokens left in the contract.
3. A malicious user sees the admin call to the [withdrawTokens()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292-L297) function in the mempool, and frontruns it depositing a single WEI of LINK token to the contract.
4. The [withdrawTokens()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292-L297) function will revert, and the admin won't be able to withdraw the LINK tokens, the malicious actor can perform this attack as many times as he wishes, essentially locking the LINK tokens in the ``WinnablesPrizeManager.sol`` contract. Note that gas on Avalance is cheap. 

### Impact

The admin can't withdraw the LINK tokens that are left in the ``WinnablesTicketManager.sol`` contract, or any other type of ERC20 tokens, that have some dollar value. This may result in a loss of tens of thousands of dollars for the admin. As of writing the report the cost of 1 LINK is around 10 dollars. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Change the following check from 
```solidity
if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
```
to 
```solidity
if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
```
