Breezy Amethyst Penguin

Medium

# Because `WinnablesTicketManager._checkShouldCancel` function does not revert when raffle's total number of sold tickets equals its `minTicketsThreshold` after its purchase period is ended, such raffle can be canceled though it should not be cancellable, and such raffle's potential winner becomes unable to win

### Summary

Calling the `WinnablesTicketManager._checkShouldCancel` function does not revert when the raffle's total number of sold tickets equals its `minTicketsThreshold` after its purchase period is ended, which causes such raffle to be canceled though it should not be allowed to be canceled and such raffle's potential winner to not be able to win.

### Root Cause

The `WinnablesTicketManager._checkShouldCancel` function executes `if (supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached()` but the `supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold` check has a code mistake that ignores the case where the raffle should not be cancelable when its total number of sold tickets represented by its `supply` equals its `minTicketsThreshold`.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. A raffle's total number of sold tickets equals its `minTicketsThreshold` after its purchase period is ended.

### External pre-conditions

Not applicable

### Attack Path

1. Because such raffle's total number of sold tickets equals its `minTicketsThreshold`, its `minTicketsThreshold` is reached, and it should not be cancellable. However, anyone can still call the `WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle` function for canceling such raffle.
2. When the `WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle` function calls the `WinnablesTicketManager._checkShouldCancel` function, `supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold` would be false since such raffle's `supply` equals its `minTicketsThreshold` so such function call would not revert with the `TargetTicketsReached` error.
3. Since the `WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle` function call does not revert though it should, such raffle is canceled even though it should not be allowed to be canceled.

### Impact

Although raffles whose total numbers of sold tickets equal their `minTicketsThreshold` should not be allowed to be canceled, such raffles can still be canceled. The participants of such raffles who suppose to be the winners are forced to fail to win.

### PoC

When a raffle's total number of sold tickets equals its `minTicketsThreshold`, such raffle should not be cancellable. Yet, because the `WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle` function does not use any access control, anyone can call this function, which further calls the `WinnablesTicketManager._checkShouldCancel` function, for canceling such raffle. Since the `WinnablesTicketManager._checkShouldCancel` function executes `if (supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached()`, calling such function does not revert when such raffle's total number of sold tickets represented by its `supply` equals its `minTicketsThreshold`. In this case, such `WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle` function call does not revert, and such raffle is canceled even though it should not be allowed to be canceled.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278-L288
```solidity
@>  function cancelRaffle(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
        _checkShouldCancel(raffleId);

        _raffles[raffleId].status = RaffleStatus.CANCELED;
        _sendCCIPMessage(
            prizeManager,
            chainSelector,
            abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.RAFFLE_CANCELED), raffleId)
        );
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L434-L441
```solidity
    function _checkShouldCancel(uint256 raffleId) internal view {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status == RaffleStatus.PRIZE_LOCKED) return;
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.IDLE) revert InvalidRaffle();
        if (raffle.endsAt > block.timestamp) revert RaffleIsStillOpen();
        uint256 supply = IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).supplyOf(raffleId);
@>      if (supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached();
    }
```

### Mitigation

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L440 can be updated to the following code.

```solidity
        if (supply >= raffle.minTicketsThreshold) revert TargetTicketsReached();
```