Cheery Tangerine Bear

Medium

# The Winnables administrator can prevent the winner from claiming the prize.

## Summary
The README file mentions:
> Winnables admins cannot do anything to prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize

> The protocol working as expected relies on having an admin creating raffles. It should be expected that the admin will do their job. However it is not expected that the admin can steal funds that should have ended in a raffle participant’s wallet in any conceivable way.

However, in reality, the Winnables administrator can successfully obtain users' ticket purchase funds and take the prize belonging to the winner, preventing the winner from claiming the prize. This does not hinder the continuation of the next round of the raffle.

## Vulnerability Detail
The root cause of the issue is the insufficient checks on the _ccipReceive message.  

1. For the raffle with `raffleId` 1, the `propagateRaffleWinner` function in the `WinnablesTicketManager.sol` contract is called to select the winner(user1). Now, the admin can claim the ETH from users' ticket purchases.

2. Before the CCIP message sent by the `propagateRaffleWinner` function reaches `WinnablesPrizeManager`, the administrator of `WinnablesPrizeManager` removes the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract from the _ccipContracts mapping. As a result, the DON's execution of the CCIP message to `WinnablesPrizeManager` will encounter an revert.

3. The administrator deploys a malicious contract on Avalanche or another chain, adds it to the `_ccipContracts` mapping of `WinnablesPrizeManager`, and then sends a cross-chain message of type CCIPMessageType.RAFFLE_CANCELED to `WinnablesPrizeManager` to cancel the raffle with raffleId 1.

4. Now, the raffle with raffleId 1 has its status set to CANCELED in `WinnablesPrizeManager`.Afterward, the administrator can claim the prize that rightfully belongs to the winner.  The administrator then adds the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract back into the `_ccipContracts` mapping, which does not affect the continuation of subsequent raffles.


## Impact


For ETH and Token Prize Pools:
Such an attack can achieve its goal on the first attempt.
However, since CCIP messages can be manually executed after a revert, the winner could potentially manually execute the reverted CCIP message to correctly set themselves as the winner. Nevertheless, the claimPrize reward might still fail to be claimed due to:
1. Underflow in _ethLocked subtraction: This could cause the transaction to revert.
2. Insufficient funds in the contract: If the contract lacks the required amount to cover the prize, the transaction will also revert.

In other words, as long as the prize pool is always slightly smaller than the previous one(1 wei), it can effectively prevent the winner from ever claiming the prize.

For the NFT prize pool: 
As long as the same tokenid NFT is not used in subsequent raffles, the winner will be permanently unable to claim the prize.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L265

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L280
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this type of attack, it is recommended to add a target chain selector and the target chain's contract address to the structure, and then verify these in the ccipReceive function.
```solidity
    struct RafflePrize {
        RaffleType raffleType;
        RafflePrizeStatus status;
        address winner;
+      bytes32 counterpart 
    }
    
     function lockNFT(
        address ticketManager,
        uint64 chainSelector,
        uint256 raffleId,
        address nft,
        uint256 tokenId
+      bytes32 counterpart 
    ) external onlyRole(0) {
        RafflePrize storage rafflePrize = _checkValidRaffle(raffleId);
        if (IERC721(nft).ownerOf(tokenId) != address(this)) revert InvalidPrize();
        if (_nftLocked[nft][tokenId]) revert InvalidPrize();
        rafflePrize.raffleType = RaffleType.NFT;
+      rafflePrize.counterpart = counterpart;
        _nftLocked[nft][tokenId] = true;
        _nftRaffles[raffleId].contractAddress = nft;
        _nftRaffles[raffleId].tokenId = tokenId;

        _sendCCIPMessage(ticketManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(raffleId));
        emit NFTPrizeLocked(raffleId, nft, tokenId);
    }

    function _ccipReceive(
        Client.Any2EVMMessage memory message
    ) internal override {
        (address _senderAddress) = abi.decode(message.sender, (address));
        bytes32 counterpart = _packCCIPContract(_senderAddress, message.sourceChainSelector);
        if (!_ccipContracts[counterpart]) revert UnauthorizedCCIPSender();

        CCIPMessageType messageType = CCIPMessageType(uint8(message.data[0]));
        uint256 raffleId;
        address winner;
+       (raffleId, winner) = _decodeWinnerDrawnMessage(message.data);
+       require(_rafflePrize[raffleId].counterpart == counterpart, "Err counterpart");
        if (messageType == CCIPMessageType.RAFFLE_CANCELED) {
-           raffleId = _decodeRaffleCanceledMessage(message.data);
            _cancelRaffle(raffleId);
            return;
        }
-        (raffleId, winner) = _decodeWinnerDrawnMessage(message.data);
        _rafflePrize[raffleId].winner = winner;
        emit WinnerPropagated(raffleId, winner);
    }

```