Keen Teal Aphid

High

# Winner can claim more funds than just his prize.

### Summary

The `claimPrize` function does not comply with the CEI pattern. 
All of the checks in the function are at the bottom leaving it exposed to reentrancy attack in the case of ETH being locked in the contract and raffle being `RaffleType.ETH`.

### Root Cause
In `claimPrize` function : 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L105

In `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol:120` , `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol:121` and `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol:122` are all the checks performed in `claimPrize` function. Leaving the function vulnerable to reentrancy attack as in `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol:118` a `_sendETHPrize` function is called to send ETH to the winner. If the winner is a contract that implements in the `fallback` function a call to claim the prize again it can drain more funds that intended.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. A number of raffles must be created with prize in ETH. 
2. ETH must be locked in the contract so that `_ethLocked` variable has more funds 

### External pre-conditions

1. A malicious user through a contract buys tickets and enters the raffle.
2. The malicious user wins the raffle.
3. When claiming the prize the user has incorporated a `fallback` function in the contract to reenter the `claimPrize` function to claim multiple times.


### Attack Path

1. The malicious user calls `claimPrize`.
2. Reenters the function number of times to claim bigger prize than intended.

### Impact

The protocol suffers loss based on the funds locked in the contract.
Winner can claim multiple times his prize.

### PoC



### Mitigation

Move all of the checks in the function at the beginning.