Breezy Amethyst Penguin

Medium

# Signed message hash used by `WinnablesTicketManager._checkPurchaseSig` function for calling `WinnablesTicketManager._getSigner` function does not include identifying information like `block.chainid` and address of `WinnablesTicketManager` contract itself, which can cause signature replay issues

### Summary

Because the signed message hash used by the `WinnablesTicketManager._checkPurchaseSig` function for calling the `WinnablesTicketManager._getSigner` function lacks identifying information like `block.chainid` and the address of the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract itself as the verifying contract, signature replay issues can occur, such as that an unused signature can be used twice to buy the same number of the corresponding raffle tickets on two chains after a hard fork occurs, which is problematic if such signature should only be allowed to be used on one chain.

### Root Cause

The signed message hash used by the `WinnablesTicketManager._checkPurchaseSig` function for calling the `WinnablesTicketManager._getSigner` function does not contain identifying information like `block.chainid` and the address of the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract itself as the verifying contract.

### Internal pre-conditions

Not applicable

### External pre-conditions

1. A hard fork of the current chain happens.
2. Afterwards, one chain still uses the original `block.chainid` while the other does not.

### Attack Path

1. An unused signature can be used to call the `WinnablesTicketManager.buyTickets` function on both chains after such hard fork.
2. When the `WinnablesTicketManager.buyTickets` function calls the `WinnablesTicketManager._checkPurchaseSig` function, which further calls the `WinnablesTicketManager._getSigner` function, the signed message hash to be checked does not include identifying information like `block.chainid` so which chain such signature is allowed to be used on is not distinguished. Thus, the same signer that has the `1` role is returned by the `WinnablesTicketManager._getSigner` function's `ECDSA.recover` function call on both chains.
3. Such signature is used twice to buy the same number of the corresponding raffle tickets on both chains. This is problematic if it should only be allowed to be used on one chain.

### Impact

Signature replay issues can happen. For instance, after a hard fork occurs, an unused signature can be used twice to buy the same number of the corresponding raffle tickets on two chains, which is problematic if such signature should only be allowed to be used on one chain.

### PoC

The signed message hash used by the `WinnablesTicketManager._checkPurchaseSig` function for calling the `WinnablesTicketManager._getSigner` function contains information about `msg.sender, _userNonces[msg.sender], raffleId, ticketCount, blockNumber, msg.value` but it does not include identifying information like `block.chainid` and the address of the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract itself. This can cause signature replay issues. For example, when a hard fork occurs, where one chain still uses the original `block.chainid` while the other does not, an unused signature can be used twice to buy the same number of the corresponding raffle tickets on both chains since the signed message hash does not distinguish between different chains and calling the `ECDSA.recover` function using such hash would return the same signer that has the `1` role on both chains.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L448-L458
```solidity
    function _checkPurchaseSig(uint256 raffleId, uint16 ticketCount, uint256 blockNumber, bytes calldata signature) internal view {
        if (blockNumber < block.number) revert ExpiredCoupon();
        address signer = _getSigner(
            keccak256(
                abi.encodePacked(
@>                  msg.sender, _userNonces[msg.sender], raffleId, ticketCount, blockNumber, msg.value
                )
            ), signature
        );
        if (!_hasRole(signer, 1)) revert Unauthorized();
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L464-L467
```solidity
    function _getSigner(bytes32 message, bytes calldata signature) internal pure returns(address) {
        bytes32 hash = keccak256(abi.encodePacked("\x19Ethereum Signed Message:\n32", message));
@>      return ECDSA.recover(hash, signature);
    }
```

### Mitigation

The protocol can be updated to create EIP-712 compliant signatures, which include identifying information like `block.chainid` and the address of the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract itself as the verifying contract. The `WinnablesTicketManager._checkPurchaseSig` function can then be updated to create the signed message hash that contains such newly added identifying information.