Scrawny Obsidian Gorilla

Medium

# Wrong check in `WinnablesTicketManager:withdrawTokens` leads to non-withrawal of tokens


## Summary

In `WinnablesTicketManager:withdrawTokens`, there is a wrong check in if statement which leads to non-withrawal of tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

Admin should be able to withdraw tokens held by `WinnablesTicketManager` contract with the function named `withdrawTokens`. That is what protocol wants to achieve with `WinnablesTicketManager:withdrawTokens`.

But there is wrong check which will not allow admin to withdraw tokens less than the balance of tokens of `WinnablesTicketManager` contract.

```solidity
...
if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
...
```
Here, it should revert when balance is less than amount but in the code it will revert when amount is less than balance. So when admin will try to withdraw fund less than the balance the function will revert. Below is the flow:
- Suppose there are 1000 A token in the contract.
- Admin wants to withdraw 500 A tokens from the contract.
- So admin calls the `withdrawTokens` with amount - 500 in parameters.
- But in if statement (amount < balance) means (500 < 1000) so it will revert with InsufficientBalance.

## Impact

Admin cannot withdraw tokens less than the balance of that token in `WinnablesTicketManager`.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292-L297

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

```diff
function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
+       if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
-       if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```