Scrawny Obsidian Gorilla

High

# Winner can drain locked fund due to re-entrancy in `WinnablesPrizeManager:claimPrize`

## Summary

Re-entrancy in `WinnablesPrizeManager:claimPrize` can allow winner of the raffle to drain all the locked fund for other raffles.

## Vulnerability Detail

When multiple raffle is created with the same token address as prize and multiple raffle with eth as prize locked, it is possible that one raffle winner contract can claim all the fund with same prize of other raffles.

In `WinnablesPrizeManager:claimPrize`, CEI pattern is missing and also `nonReentrant()` modifier is not used. Therfore there are two instances where re-entrancy is possible.

```solodity
...
        else if (raffleType == RaffleType.TOKEN) {
            TokenInfo storage raffle = _tokenRaffles[raffleId];
@>            unchecked { _tokensLocked[raffle.tokenAddress] -= raffle.amount; }
            _sendTokenPrize(raffle.tokenAddress, raffle.amount, msg.sender);
        } else if (raffleType == RaffleType.ETH) {
@>            unchecked { _ethLocked -= _ethRaffles[raffleId]; }
            _sendETHPrize(_ethRaffles[raffleId], msg.sender);
        }
...
```
So if raffles with same token or multiple raffles with eth as prize will cause loss of the fund of the protocol. Here is the flow:
- Suppose there are 5 raffles going on currently with 10 eth each as prize.
- That means there are total 50 eths are locked and eacj raffle winner will get 10 eth as prize.
- Suppose contract A is the winner of one raffle so A should get 10 eth.
- Now contract A can call `WinnablesPrizeManager:claimPrize` and re-enter in it until whole eth locked (i.e. 50) is drained.
- So contract A will get 50 eth instead of 10 eth and protocol will lose their fund.

Same is applicable for multiple raffles with same token prize.

## Impact

All the fund which are locked for the raffle can be drained by winner contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L105-L124

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Protocol must use `nonReentrant()` modifier of OpenZeppelin `ReentrancyGuard.sol` for `WinnablesPrizeManager:claimPrize`.
