Shiny Peach Crocodile

Medium

# Missing Price Verification in `WinnablesTicketManager::buyTickets`

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail
`WinnablesTicketManager.sol` lacks explicit price verification mechanisms in its ticket purchase and signature verification processes. This omission could allow for inconsistencies between the expected and actual ticket prices, potentially leading to unauthorized ticket purchases or financial discrepancies.

In the below code snippet, it was noted that `WinnablesTicketManager::buyTickets` relies on external approval through a signature but does not check if the amount of ETH sent (msg.value) matches the expected price for the tickets. Without this check, users can potentially pay an incorrect amount, bypassing intended price controls.

```solidity
function buyTickets(
    uint256 raffleId,
    uint16 ticketCount,
    uint256 blockNumber,
    bytes calldata signature
) external payable {
    ...
    _checkPurchaseSig(raffleId, ticketCount, blockNumber, signature);
    ...
    // Ticket purchase logic
}
```
The signature validation process noted in the below code snippet also does not verify if the `msg.value` (the amount of ETH sent) is correct according to the ticket price. It only ensures that the signature is valid and the nonce has not expired.

```solidity 
function _checkPurchaseSig(uint256 raffleId, uint16 ticketCount, uint256 blockNumber, bytes calldata signature) internal view {
    ...
    address signer = _getSigner(
        keccak256(
            abi.encodePacked(
                msg.sender, _userNonces[msg.sender], raffleId, ticketCount, blockNumber, msg.value
            )
        ), signature
    );
    ...
}
```

## Impact
Users could exploit the lack of price checks to purchase tickets at a price lower than intended or easily purchasing all tickets at a very low price, potentially resulting in an unfair play and significant financial losses for the raffle owner.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L182-L210

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L448-L458

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement price verification in `buyTickets` function: Ensure that `msg.value` (amount sent by the user) matches the expected price for the number of tickets being purchased. For example, this could be done by calculating the total expected price and comparing it with `msg.value` before proceeding with the purchase logic.