Keen Teal Aphid

High

# Funds remain locked in the contract due to a raffle stuck in limbo state.

### Summary

A raffle can get stuck in a state that is not being able to be canceled or won.
This can happen in a case where the total tickets sold are exactly as the amount of `minTickets` specified when the raffle is being created.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L252


### Root Cause

When a raffle is created the `minTickets` are specified.
Now lets look at the two check function for the raffle `_checkShouldDraw` and `_checkShouldCancel`.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L422
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L434
Both of the functions take the supply of the sold tickets of the raffle.
In one case it's `currentTicketSold` and in the other `supply` variable.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L425
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L439
In a case where both `currentTicketSold/supply`  are equal to `minTicketsThreshold`  the check for that does not check the `=` case but both function check if it is less or more.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L431
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L440
Meaning that if a raffle expires, meaning `endsAt`  is greater than block.timestamp, a raffle will be stuck and CAN NOT be canceled nor won by a user, since those function does not check for the equal case.


### Internal pre-conditions

1. A raffle is created.
2. Users participate and buy tickets.
3. The numbers of tickets get exact amount as the `minTicketsThreshold` variable.
4. The `endsAt` of the raffle comes and is greater than `msg.timestamp`.

### External pre-conditions

1. The number of tickets bought is the same as `minTicketsThreshold`.

### Attack Path

No attack path for this one , just users participating in a raffle.

### Impact

The protocol will be stuck with a raffle that cannot be closed nor won , so all of the funds stuck in the raffle will be stuck in the contract.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Incorporate a `<=` check or a `>=` in one of the function to accommodate a case where the tickets bought equals `minTickets`.