Brave Bone Wombat

High

# WinnablesPrizeManager  can be reentered and steal all locked ETH from contract

### Summary


The absence of reentrancy checks in claimPrize
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L117-L118 
and the lack of restrictions on balance changes when using _sendETHPrize can lead to a reentrancy vulnerability, potentially resulting in the theft of ETH that was previously locked and is stored in the _ethLocked variable.

### Root Cause

The winner's balance is not reset; instead, it is deducted from all locked funds intended for lottery operations. Additionally, the ```ReentrancyGuard``` modifier is missing.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The administrator must lock the funds in ETH for the lottery, ensuring that ```_ethLocked != 0```
2. The administrator creates a lottery using WinnablesTicketManager:createRaffle.
3. The attacker uses ```buyTicket``` to purchase the maximum possible number of tickets to increase the chances of winning.
4. Due to the lack of proper checks, the attacker can exploit ```claimPrize``` to perform a reentrancy attack.

### External pre-conditions

The attacker must use a malicious smart contract with a fallback function.

### Attack Path

An attacker deploys a smart contract (let’s call it Alice) and participates in the lottery by purchasing the maximum number of tickets to increase the chances of winning. When Alice wins and calls claimPrize(), the first check if (msg.sender != rafflePrize.winner) revert UnauthorizedToClaim(); passes because Alice's address matches the winner's address. The second check if (rafflePrize.status == RafflePrizeStatus.CLAIMED) revert AlreadyClaimed(); also passes since this is her first call to the function and the prize status has not been updated yet.

However, before updating Alice's claim status, the lottery contract performs an external .call{value: amount}("") to Alice’s address with the prize amount. Upon receiving the funds, Alice’s contract re-enters claimPrize() before the claim status is updated. The first check passes again because the winner’s address is still the same, and the second check also passes since the status has not been updated yet.

As a result, Alice can repeat the process, draining all the ETH locked in the lottery contract and causing the protocol to lose all funds intended for the lottery.

### Impact

The protocol loses all previously locked ETH funds intended for conducting lotteries.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

1. Use ReentrancyGuard.
2. Change the status to rafflePrize.status = RafflePrizeStatus.CLAIMED before transferring funds.
3. Introduce a prize balance for each raffle and reset it to zero before transferring the funds.