Large Foggy Troll

High

# Malicious attacker can cause erc20 tokens to be locked in WinnablesTicketManager.sol

### Summary

The incorrect 'equality symbol' in withdrawTokens (`WinnablesTicketManager.sol:295`) will allow an attacker to stop the tokens from being withdrawn by depositing small quantities of the token into it.

### Root Cause

In `WinnablesTicketManager.sol:295` (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292-L297) the check `amount < balance` is wrong. When `amount > balance` withdrawal will fail (in the safeTransfer function call below) due to insufficient balance in the contract. And since withdrawal will only be work if amount == balance, a malicious attacker can keep depositing small quantity of token to prevent withdrawal.

When an attacker deposits a small quantity of the erc20token just before the withdrawal call from the admin, the balance increases, which causes `amount != balance`. This will make the admins withdrawal to fail since the function requires amount == balance.

### Internal pre-conditions

The only pre-condition is that the admin wants calls the `withdrawTokens` function.

### External pre-conditions

No external pre-condition.

### Attack Path

1. Admin calls the withdrawToken function with amount = 10tokens (assume balance in contract is 10 tokens and admin wants to withdraw this)
2. Attacker frontruns this transaction and deposits 1token to the contract. This increases the balance of the contract to 11tokens.
3. When admins transaction is being executed, the check `amount < balance` succeeds, as 10<11 is true. This causes the transaction to revert.

### Impact

This would cause the admin to never be able to withdraw the erc20 tokens inside the WinnablesTicketManager.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Change the '<' symbol to '>' in line 295:
```solidity
function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
        if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance(); // updated equality 
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```