Boxy Frost Pig

Medium

# Hardcoded gas limit for fulfillRandomWords function in drawWinner()

### Summary

Hardcoded gas limit for fulfillRandomWords execution by chainlink may cause revert of execution fulfillRandomWords() because gaslimit will be reached, if gas price of opcodes in one of future next Arbitrum update. And there is no way to resend request to chainlink VRF with custom gas amount.

### Root Cause

In `WinnablesTicketManager.sol:319` there is hardcoded value of gas amount, which will be pass in chainlink request to WinnablesTicketManager.sol contract to fulfillRandomWords function.  https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L310-L321

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

Price for opcodes needs increase by blockchian update. Such situations were already previously in past updates. 

### Attack Path

1. User call drawWinner() wih hardcoded gas limit
2. Blockchain update. Gas cost of opcodes are increase. And executing of fulfillRandomWords more than hardcoded gas limit (100k). Now it takes 81191.
3. Chainlink send call to fulfillRandomWords() and tx will revert by gas limit reached

### Impact

The winner will not be determined. No one will receive the prize, and the owner will not be able to unlock the prize to use it in another raffle.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add function, which give opportunity to resend call to chainlink vrf with custom gas lmit. For owner only. 