Tall Brown Goose

Medium

# Malicious admin can prevent winner from claiming prize

## Summary

Admin can prevent winner from claiming prize of a raffle - because the prize amount was non-existant in the first place.

## Vulnerability Detail

Tokens used as raffle prize are transferred to the `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol` contract in a separate transaction than `lockTokens`. As a safety check - the balance of the contract is checked in `lockTokens` (see code snippet). However - this check can be manipulated by providing the contract with flash-loaned tokens.

This inflates the token amount REALLY stored on the contract. Because the prize amount stored is non-existant - the winner can not withdraw it from the contract.

We would not submit this issue if it were not for this line explicitly stated in contest details:
`Winnables admins cannot do anything to prevent a winner from withdrawing their prize`.

Here we provide an open path for an admin to prevent a drawn winner from claiming his prize.

## POC

1. Admin flash loans an X amount of tokens then transfer it to `WinnablesPrizeManager.sol` contract.
2. Admin calls `lockTokens` with X amount as argument.
3. There is an inflated/non-existant amount stored as the raffle prize.
4. Admin transfers the tokens back to the flash-loan provider.
5. After a while, winner is drawn. However, there is not a prize amount on the contract for him to claim.
 
## Impact

Winner can not claim his prize - because it is not on the `WInnablesPrizeManager.sol` contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L204C1-L204C71

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Tokens meant for prize distribution should be transferred in the `lockTokens` function:

```solidity
    function lockTokens(
        address ticketManager,
        uint64 chainSelector,
        uint256 raffleId,
        address token,
        uint256 amount
    ) external onlyRole(0) {
        RafflePrize storage rafflePrize = _checkValidRaffle(raffleId);
        IERC20(token).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), amount); // @audit added this line
        uint256 tokenBalance = IERC20(token).balanceOf(address(this));
        if (tokenBalance < amount + _tokensLocked[token]) revert InvalidPrize();
        rafflePrize.raffleType = RaffleType.TOKEN;
        unchecked { _tokensLocked[token] += amount; }
        _tokenRaffles[raffleId].tokenAddress = token;
        _tokenRaffles[raffleId].amount = amount;

        _sendCCIPMessage(ticketManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(raffleId));
        emit TokenPrizeLocked(raffleId, token, amount);
    }
```