Eager Corduroy Nightingale

High

# Admins Can Manipulate Raffle Odds by Minting Free Tickets by setting themselves as Role1

## Summary
Admins can manipulate raffle odds by assigning themselves as role 1 and minting a large number of tickets at no cost. This action directly contradicts the protocol's invariant that "Admins cannot affect the odds of a raffle.

## Vulnerability Detail
One of the main invariant of the protocols is that "Admins cannot affect the odds of a raffle," but the current implementation allows admins to set themselves as role1. The mint function, as shown below, permits anyone with role 1 to mint tickets for free of cost. This allows admins to mint a large number of tickets, effectively manipulating the odds of the raffle.

While the protocols ReadMe states that "Admins will not abuse signatures to get free tickets or to distribute them to addresses they control," it does not address the scenario where an admin can directly set themselves as role1 and mint free tickets. It only talks about abusing signature and oversighting the scenario where admins sets themselves as role1. This oversight opens the door to significant abuse.

Role0 calls the function `setRole` and sets themselves as role1. And then calls the function `mint` and mints a large number of tickets.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is severe, as it enables an admin to heavily skew the odds of any raffle by minting a large number of tickets at no cost. This manipulation can lead to a loss of trust in the fairness of the raffle system, resulting in financial losses for legitimate participants and damage to the protocol's reputation.

## Code Snippet
Github:-
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicket.sol#L182

```javascript
@>    function mint(address to, uint256 id, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(1) {
        if (to == address(0)) {
            revert TransferToAddressZero();
        }
        address operator = msg.sender;
        uint256 startId = _supplies[id];

        unchecked {
            _balances[id][to] += amount;
            _supplies[id] = startId + amount;
        }

        _ticketOwnership[id][startId] = to;
        emit NewTicket(id, startId, amount);
        emit TransferSingle(operator, address(0), to, id, amount);

        _doSafeTransferAcceptanceCheck(operator, address(0), to, id, amount);
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/Roles.sol#L35

```javascript
    function _setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) internal virtual {
        uint256 roles = uint256(_addressRoles[user]);
        _addressRoles[user] = bytes32(roles | (1 << role));
        emit RoleUpdated(user, role, status);
    }

@>    function setRole(address user, uint8 role, bool status) external virtual onlyRole(0) {
        _setRole(user, role, status);
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Define the role1 in the constructor and don't let the admins to set role1 to anyone