Polite Canvas Eagle

High

# `withdrawTokens` in `WinnablesTicketManager` is prone to DOS attacks

## Summary
Due to an improper check in `withdrawTokens`, the function becomes prone to DOS attacks, preventing the admin from withdrawing tokens when they want to. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Look at the `withdrawTokens` function:

```solidity
    function withdrawTokens(address tokenAddress, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(0) {
        IERC20 token = IERC20(tokenAddress);
        uint256 balance = token.balanceOf(address(this));
        if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();
        token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```
The check here - ` if (amount < balance) revert InsufficientBalance();` is incorrect. It should be `(amount > balance)`. This prevents the admin from withdrawing the number of tokens they want. They will only ever be able to withdraw `balance` amount of tokens. This breaks the intended functionality.

In addition, the function is also prone to DOS attacks. When a user sees the `withdrawTokens` transaction in the mempool, where the admin is trying to withdraw `amount==balance` number of tokens(which is the only possible way to use it), a malicious actor would transfer 1 wei to the contract, such that the amount becomes less than the balance now. Hence, the function reverts. The actor can keep doing these attacks as long as they want (easily more than 1 week), as the cost is negligible (only 1 wei + gas cost on Avalanche), preventing the admin from withdrawing tokens.

## Impact
Admin can be denied from withdrawing tokens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L292

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use the correct check:
` if (amount > balance) revert InsufficientBalance();`