Brave Mahogany Lizard

Medium

# Handling of `_ethLocked` variable in `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract is wrong, can give unexpected results.

## Summary
The `_ethLocked` variable is not handled properly and used it is used in `claimPrize` , `lockETH` , `withdrawETH` and `_cancelRaffle` functions. Which can give unexpected results.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `_ethLocked` variable is defined in `WinnablesPrizeManager` here:
```solidity
uint256 private _ethLocked;
```
Then it is being updated for the first time in the `claimPrize` function here:
```solidity
unchecked { _ethLocked -= _ethRaffles[raffleId]; }
```
The `_ethLocked` has no value assigned to it initially, so the default value it will assume is `0`.
When the above opertation is performed in the `claimPrize` function it will set the value of the variable to negative.
Let's assume `_ethRaffles[raffleId]` has a value of 10.
```solidity
_ethLocked = _ethLocked - 10
_ethLocked =-10
```
As we can see the value will be negative and there is no underflow protection as it is marked with the `unchecked` block, which should not be the case as locked eth amount can't be negative. 

Then as we proceed to the next function `lockEth` it is used in this line:
```solidity
if (ethBalance < amount + _ethLocked) revert InvalidPrize();
```
This line performs a check that the amount entered plus locked eth amount if greater than the balance of this contract then it should revert with `InvalidPrize()`. But as we can see from our above calculation value of `_ethLocked` will be negative and hence it can tamper this check.

```solidity
    _ethLocked += amount;
```
Here the possible conditions can occur:
    1. _ethLocked> amount -> output will still remain negative
    2. _ethLocked< amount -> output will be positive but unexpected result
    3. _ethLocked=amount -> output will be 0

In the next function `withdrawETH` it is being used here:
```solidity
        unchecked { availableBalance = balance - _ethLocked; }
```
Here the value is being used in calculation of `availableBalance` which again if `_ethLocked` is negative will lead to wrong calculation as : `-(-_ethLocked) = +_ethLocked`

Lastly, in `_cancelRaffle` it is used here:
```solidity
unchecked { _ethLocked -= _ethRaffles[raffleId]; }
```
Again subtracting from a negative value will result in a negative value and give a wrong result.


## Impact
Wrong calculation of `_ethLocked` variable affects functionality of every function it is used in.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L37

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L117

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L181

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L183

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L241

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L290


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
If the locked eth value is supposed to be a constant then the value must be assigned initially to prevent mis calculation or the logic needs to be updated