Fresh Corduroy Bird

High

# CCIP message passing will break as exceptions are not handled gracefully

## Summary
The CCIP message passing system in PrizeManager and TicketManager contracts will break due to un-handled exceptions.

## Vulnerability Detail

The CCIP architecture allows for simultanous CCIP calls to be made from one address.
However, there is a caveat. As per [Chainlink Docs](https://docs.chain.link/ccip/concepts/manual-execution#frequently-asked-questions), under the second header:

> If a user sends multiple messages and the first message isn't successfully delivered and goes into a manual execution mode, 
does that mean all subsequent messages from the user will also be stuck?
It depends. If a message goes into manual execution mode due to receiver errors (unhandled exceptions or gas limit issues), 
subsequent messages don't get automatically blocked, unless they would encounter the same error. 
However, suppose a message goes into manual execution mode after the Smart Execution time window expires (currently 8 hours). 
In that case, subsequent messages must wait for the first message to be processed to maintain the default sequence.  

If a message fails, it can be manually executed, but after the `Smart Execution time` window expires, which is 8 hours at the moment, all subsequent messages will fail until the failing message will succeed.

The problem is that in `WinnablesPrizeManager` and `WinnablesTicketManager` contracts the reverts are not handled gracefully. This can easily lead to a CCIP call that can never be executed, thus resulting in a Denial of Service.



```solidity
    function _ccipReceive(
        Client.Any2EVMMessage memory message
    ) internal override {
        (address _senderAddress) = abi.decode(message.sender, (address));
        bytes32 counterpart = _packCCIPContract(_senderAddress, message.sourceChainSelector);
        // @audit-issue ccip messages shouldn't revert
        if (!_ccipContracts[counterpart]) revert UnauthorizedCCIPSender();

        CCIPMessageType messageType = CCIPMessageType(uint8(message.data[0]));
        uint256 raffleId;
        address winner;
        if (messageType == CCIPMessageType.RAFFLE_CANCELED) {
            raffleId = _decodeRaffleCanceledMessage(message.data);
            _cancelRaffle(raffleId);
            return;
        }
        (raffleId, winner) = _decodeWinnerDrawnMessage(message.data);
        _rafflePrize[raffleId].winner = winner;
        emit WinnerPropagated(raffleId, winner);
    }
```

Also as the users can choose `PrizeManager` contract address and `chainSelector` in `cancelRaffle()` and `propagateRaffleWinner()` function , an attacker choose wrong contract addresses and wrong chain selectors to intentionally make the CCIP call fails to break the CCIP message passing system.

**PoC**:
1. Attacker calls `propagateRaffleWinner()`  with wrong PrizeManager contract address.
2. So CCIP message from Avalanche to Mainnet because the contract don't even exists.
3. As the contract didn't exist message connot be executed.
4. Smart Execution time window expires after 8 hours.
5. The message goes in Manual execution mode and all the subsequent messages will blocked for the sender(TicketManager contract here)
## Impact
CCIP message passing system will break.

Both the fixes recommended by Chainlink in these kinds of situations are not possible. As the contracts are neither upgradable nor can we change the receiver contract to a new contract as message receiving logic is coupled into the business-logic smart contract here.

> Unhandled exception (logical error) in the receiver contract: If the receiver contract is [upgradeable](https://blog.chain.link/upgradable-smart-contracts/), developers must correct the logic, re-deploy the logic contract, and then manually execute the same transaction. If the receiver contract is not upgradeable, developers must deploy a new receiver contract, and then users can send a new CCIP message. Non-upgradable contracts will not benefit from manual execution.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesPrizeManager.sol#L265

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L370

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
As per the Chainlink docs linked in the report:
> Test thoroughly to ensure logical conditions for all paths are gracefully handled in your receiver contract. 

Handle the reverts gracefully.