Damaged Sable Guppy

Medium

# A raffle may be guaranteed won, or canceled despite reaching maxTicketSupply, thus depriving users from winning it

### Summary

Insufficient validation in [createRaffle](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L252-L274) allows to set different nonsensical combinations of raffle parameters. E.g. setting `maxTickets == 1` allows the guaranteed win with a single purchased ticket; or setting `minTickets >= maxTickets` allows to cancel the raffle even when the number of bought tickets reaches `maxTickets`, thus depriving the users who bought tickets from winning the raffle.

### Root Cause

Function [createRaffle](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L252-L274) doesn't perform any validation wrt. the supplied parameters `minTickets`, `maxTickets`, `maxHoldings` besides checking that `maxTickets != 0` and `maxHoldings != 0`. Different nonsensical combinations of these parameters may be set, in particular:

- setting `maxTickets == 1` and bundling `createRaffle` and `buyTickets` for a single permitted ticket into the same transaction, will allow an admin to have a guaranteed win of the raffle. If the prize is large, there may be enough motivation to do that.
-  setting `minTickets >= maxTickets`: as in the [current Winnable UI](https://testnet.winnables.com/competitions/18) the `minTickets` doesn't seem to be displayed, the users may participate not knowing of the nonsensical parameters. As we outline below, this combination allows to cancel a raffle even when `maxTickets` have been bought.

Wrt. to the latter, there is a secondary root cause, in functions [_checkShouldDraw](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L422-L432) and [_checkShouldCancel](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L434-L441):

- Function `_checkShouldDraw` reverts if `currentTicketSold < raffle.minTicketsThreshold`. Thus even if `maxTicketSupply` is reached, but `minTicketsThreshold >= maxTicketSupply` a winner can't be ever drawn
- The revert conditions in functions `_checkShouldDraw` (`currentTicketSold < raffle.minTicketsThreshold`) and `_checkShouldCancel` (`supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold`) are non-exclusive: if `maxTicketSupply == minTicketsThreshold` then both functions don't revert, thus offering a choice between either drawing or canceling the raffle, even when `maxTicketSupply` has been reached.

The case of `minTicketsThreshold == maxTicketSupply` seems actually reasonable, and thus can be set by an non-malicious admin. Taking into account that `cancelRaffle` is a non-admin-restricted function, and can be called by anyone, this setting can be exploited to cancel the raffle if the odds of winning don't seem favorable for to the interested party. 

### Internal pre-conditions

1. An admin needs to set certain combinations of parameters via `createRaffle`, e.g. to set `minTicketsThreshold == maxTicketSupply`

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

The first attack path (a malicious admin):

1. An admin calls `createRaffle` with `minTickets == 0` and `maxTickets == 1`
2. In the same transaction the admin calls `buyTickets` and buys a single permissible ticket
3. In the same transaction the admin calls `drawWinner` (which is possible, because `maxTicketSupply` is reached.
4. The admin has a guaranteed win.

The second attack path (a non-malicious admin):

1. An admin when calling  `createRaffle` sets `minTickets == maxTickets` (which seems reasonable), thus resulting for the raffle to have `minTicketsThreshold == maxTicketSupply`
5. The raffle proceeds as usual; `maxTicketSupply` is reached
6. Any participant, if they are unsatisfied with their odds of winning, call `cancelRaffle`, thus canceling it instead of the winner being drawn. 

### Impact

Depending on the attack path, it's either a guaranteed win (for a malicious admin), or a cancellation of the raffle that has reached the stage when it should be drawn, if the odds don't satisfy any interested party (with a non-malicious admin).

### PoC

not required according to the rules.

### Mitigation

We propose to perform more validation of the input parameters of `createRaffle`, e.g.
- require `maxTickets` to be greater than some reasonable minimum (e.g. 1000)
- require `minTickets < maxTickets`
- require `maxHoldings < maxTickets` (thus preventing accumulation of the odds of winning by a single address)

Different other restrictions may be imposed, depending on the protocol intentions.

Additionally, we recommend to make the revert conditions in functions `_checkShouldDraw` and `_checkShouldCancel` mutually exclusive: `currentTicketSold <= raffle.minTicketsThreshold` and  `supply > raffle.minTicketsThreshold` respectively.