Generous Peanut Okapi

Medium

# In the case of `fulfillRandomWords` not being called, funds can be lost forever

### Summary

In `WinnablesTicketManager` contract, [`fulfillRandomWords`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L350C14-L350C32) receives random number response from Chainlink VRF. In some special cases, where `fulfillRandomWords` won't be called, either due to insufficient funds or subscription config change, funds and prizes will be locked in contract forever. 

### Root Cause

The VRF callback function contains crucial logic on handling the state of raffles:
```solidity
    function fulfillRandomWords(
        uint256 requestId,
        uint256[] memory randomWords
    ) internal override {
        RequestStatus storage request = _chainlinkRequests[requestId];
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[request.raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.REQUESTED) revert RequestNotFound(requestId);
        request.randomWord = randomWords[0];
        raffle.status = RaffleStatus.FULFILLED;
        emit WinnerDrawn(requestId);
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(request.raffleId);
    }
```

Once raffle state is fulfilled, it can then be propagated, and its prize can be claimed. However, there exists some tiny possibilities where `fulfillRandomWords` is not called by the VRF function, especially due to insufficient funds, or change of subscription info. When such scenario happens, Chainlink VRF will not automcatically fuifill a request, unless a new request is sent. 

### Internal pre-conditions

When there are insufficient funds of LINK tokens in contract, or subscription info of Chainlink VRF has changed.

### External pre-conditions

`drawWinner` is called, this will change the state of raffle to requested.

### Attack Path

1. A malicious actor may observe that some raffles have ended, and at the same time, the balance of LINK tokens in the manager contract is low.
2. The attacker calls `drawWinner` function, as it's open for every one to call.
3. Since `fulfillRandomWords` is never reached, and raffle state is `REQUESTED`, this leaves no option to rescue or re-request a random number.
4. The raffle state is locked, and all funds, including players' funds, prizes will be stuck in the contract forever.

### Impact

As mentioned in the attack path, prizes and some of players' funds will be lost forever, however, consider the low probability of subscription being changed, or insufficient LINK tokens, as per noted in README, that admins will make sure there are enough LINK tokens, Medium is a fair severity.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add a variable to store how long since the last request has been sent, if a substential amount of time has passed, and raffle still not in `FULFILLED` stated, a new random words request can be sent. Or consider to add balance check to see if there are sufficient balance in contract to initiate such call.