Prehistoric Metal Rabbit

High

# No validation for `prizeManager`, anyone can lock prizes forever by calling `cancelRaffle()` or `propagateRaffleWinner()` with an arbitrary address

### Summary

In `WinnablesTicketManager`, the functions `propagateRaffleWinner()` and `cancelRaffle()` are used to propagate the results to the Prize Manager on the Ethereum Mainnet. Due to the lack of validation for the `prizeManager` parameter common to both functions, anyone can propagate results with a nonsensical address, changing the raffle status and locking the prizes forever.


### Root Cause

When a raffle is finished due to any reasons (e.g. max ticket was reached, min ticket was not reached, selling time ended), anyone can call `drawWinner` and request a random number from Chainlink VRF. After which anyone can call `propagateRaffleWinner()` to deliver the results to the Prize Manager, so that the winner can claim their prize.
- In case if the raffle was cancelled due to not reaching the minimum sales threshold, anyone can also call cancel to unlock the prizes for reuse.

However, both functions have `prizeManager` as an input parameter, and performs no validation on it. Anyone can then input an arbitrary address to send the CCIP message to, causing the message to arrive at the wrong address. The contract however, still marks the raffle as completed, rendering the message unable to be sent again. This permanently locks the prize in the Prize Manager contract, as the raffle would be stuck in limbo.

`propagateRaffleWinner()` has no validation:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334

`cancelRaffle()` has no validation:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278

`_sendCCIPMessage()` also has no validation on the destination address:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/BaseCCIPSender.sol#L15

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Admin locks the prizes in and starts a new raffle.
2. After some time, the raffle inevitably completes, and will be either cancelled or drawing of results.
    - In both cases, a message has to be passed to the prize manager on the Ethereum Mainnet.
3. Adversary calls `cancelRaffle()` or `propagateRaffleWinner()` depending on raffle status, however with a bogus `prizeManager` address. 
4. The message is sent to a false address on the Ethereum Mainnet. However, the raffle is still marked as `PROPAGATED` or `CANCELED`, preventing the message from being re-sent to a different address.

Because the Ethereum Mainnet prize manager never receives the message, it locks the raffle's prize forever, not even allowing the admin to retrieve it.

### Impact

Any raffle prizes can be locked forever, with the admin or the winner not being able to retrieve them.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Validate the destination address when sending the CCIP message (that the destination address is a trusted one).