Mammoth Stone Grasshopper

High

# Users will lock assets on the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract by calling `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle` with wrong CCIP inputs

### Summary

The [`WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278) function is vulnerable to misuse, where incorrect CCIP inputs can lead to assets being permanently locked in the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract. The function does not have input validation for the `address prizeManager` and `uint64 chainSelector` parameters. If called with incorrect values, it will fail to send the message to `WinnablesPrizeManager`, resulting in the assets not being unlocked.

### Root Cause

The root cause of the issue lies in the design of the `cancelRaffle` function:
1. The function is responsible for sending a message to `WinnablesPrizeManager` to unlock the raffle assets.
2. The function is marked as external, so anyone can call it.
3. The function receives `address prizeManager` and `uint64 chainSelector` as inputs, which are responsible for sending the message to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract for it to unlock the assets previously locked for the raffle.
4. The inputs forementioned are not validated, meaning users can call the function with wrong values.
5. This cannot be undone, as the function [changes the state of the raffle](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L281) in a way that [prevents the function from being called again](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L437).

### Internal pre-conditions

A raffle must be cancelable, i.e. either haven't been initialized or was finished with less than minimum tickets sold.

### External pre-conditions

A user must call `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle` with incorrect input values.

### Attack Path

1. A user initiates the cancellation of a raffle by calling `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle`.
2. The user provides incorrect inputs for `prizeManager` and `chainSelector`.
3. The cancelRaffle function fails to send the correct message to `WinnablesPrizeManager` due to the parameter mismatch.
4. As a result, the assets associated with the raffle remain locked and cannot be retrieved by the admin.


### Impact

This vulnerability can lead to the permanent loss of assets. Users who attempt to cancel a raffle with incorrect parameters may inadvertently lock assets in the `WinnablesPrizeManager`, making them inaccessible.


### PoC

The test below, which is an edited version of [this existing test](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/test/TicketManager.js#L521), shows that the function call will be successful with a random chainSelector

```javascript
    it('Cancels and sends cancellation CCIP Message', async () => {
@>    const tx = await manager.cancelRaffle(counterpartContractAddress, 9846, 1);
      const { events } = await tx.wait();
      expect(events).to.have.lengthOf(3);
      const ccipMessageEvent = ccipRouter.interface.parseLog(events[0]);
      expect(ccipMessageEvent.name).to.eq('MockCCIPMessageEvent');
      expect(ccipMessageEvent.args.data).to.eq('0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001');
    });
```

### Mitigation

Alternatives to mitigate the impact of this vulnerability:
1. Implement input validation to ensure that `prizeManager` and `chainSelector` are correct before proceeding with the cancellation.
2. Split the function in two different functions, one for updating the raffle status (so that players can get the refund) and another one, restricted to `onlyRole(0)`, for sending the message to `WinnablesPrizeManager`
