Huge Pine Alligator

High

# A Malicious user can stop winner from claiming their prize by calling the `propagateRaffleWinner` function with wrong params.

### Summary

According to the Readme, the WinnableaPrizeManager contract will be on Ethereum Mainnet and the WinnablesTicketManager will be on Avalanche. After a winner is selected the propagateRaffleWinner function can be called on the WinnablesTicketManager on Avalance to send the winner information to the prize WinnableaPrizeManager on Ethereum. 

However, this function has no restriction as it can be called by anyone with the wrong `chainId` or `prizemanger` address, for example instead of sending the message to Ethereum it can be sent to Base or sent to a wrong prizeMangerAddress on Ethereum. Given that the `propagateRaffleWinner` can only be called once the winner won't be able to claim.


### Root Cause

After a winner has been selected, anyone can call the [propagateRaffleWinner](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334C5-L334C13) function to send a cross-chain message with the winner address to the WinnableaPrizeManager contract on Ethereum Mainnet.

Since the `propagateRaffleWinner` can be called by anyone a malicious user can call it with the wrong `prizeManager` address or `chainSelector`. Once this function is called it updates the `raffle.status = RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED` , so the function cannot be called twice.

```sol
    function propagateRaffleWinner(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
@>      if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.FULFILLED) revert InvalidRaffleStatus();
@>      raffle.status = RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED;
        address winner = _getWinnerByRequestId(raffle.chainlinkRequestId);

        _sendCCIPMessage(prizeManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.WINNER_DRAWN), raffleId, winner));
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
        unchecked {
            _lockedETH -= raffle.totalRaised;
        }
    }
```


### Internal pre-conditions

A winner must have been selected.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Alice Won the raffle
2. Bob an angry user decided to call the  `propagateRaffleWinner` function with the wrong `chainSelector` base.
3. The above transaction will go through and Alice will lose her winnings because no message was sent to Ethereum Mainnet

### Impact

Loss of winnings for the winner

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

1. Restrict the caller of the function to be the address that won the raffle draw.
2. Make the function to be called by only Admin