Custom Rosewood Bear

High

# Missing validations on CCIP parameters in the `WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle` and `propagateRaffleWinner` allows attackers to cause loss of funds

### Summary

The `WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle` and `WinnablesTicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner` functions are public and do not validate the CCIP parameters, `prizeManager` and `chainSelector`, allowing an attacker to pass in random values for these arguments. As a result, the `WinnablesPrizeManager` will not receive the cancellation and winner messages  leading to loss of funds.

1. In the case of the `cancelRaffle` function: The function marks the raffle as canceled in the `WinnablesTicketManager` and the prize money for the cancelled raffle are indefinitely stuck in the `WinnablesPrizeManager`.
2. In the case of the `propagateRaffleWinner` function: The `WinnablesTicketManager` marks raffle as completed while the `winner` message does not reach `WinnablesPrizeManager`. Winner cannot claim their prize money, they are indefinitely stuck in the `WinnablesPrizeManager`.

Code:
- Definition of the [WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278-L286) function
- Definition of the [WinnablesTicketManger.propagateRaffleWinner](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L340) function
### Root Cause

The CCIP parameters, `prizeManager` and `chainSelector` are not validated in the `WinnablesTicketManager.cancelRaffle` and the `WinnablesTicketManager.propagateRaffleWinner` functions.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Attacker calls the `cancelRaffle` function for each cancellable raffle with the random values for `prizeManager` and `chainSelector` arguments. If a raffle is not cancellable then attacker waits for the random word to get fulfilled and calls the `propagateRaffleWinner` function with random values for `prizeManager` and `chainSelector`.
3. The `WinnablesPrizeManager` never receives cancellation nor winner  messages and the prize money for these is indefinitely locked.

### Impact

1. Protocol admins loses locked prize money for cancelled raffles
2. Winners can never retrieve their prize money and prize money is indefinitely locked.

The attacker can choose to perform the attack when there are considerable number of raffles created. The attacker can lock prize money for all open raffles at the time of attack.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Retrieve  the `prizeManager` and `chainSelector` values from the `_ccipContracts` storable variable instead of taking them as arguments.