Huge Fossilized Turtle

High

# Malicious user will make prize stuck harming the winner/protocol due to `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle()/propagateRaffleWinner()` not validating `prizeManager` and `chainSelector`

### Summary

[WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L282-L286) and [propagateRaffleWinner()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L340) do not validate the target `prizeManager` and `chainSelector`, allowing malicious users to specify wrong parameters and losing the prize forever.

### Root Cause

`WinnablesTicketManager` inherits `BaseCCIPSender` and calls `_sendCCIPMessage()` in `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle()/propagateRaffleWinner()` to forward the cross chain message to the `WinnablesPrizeManager`. However, `BaseCCIPSender::_sendCCIPMessage()` does not validate that `_ccipContracts[counterpart]` is enabled, that is, the given `prizeManager` and `chainSelector` are whitelisted.

### Internal pre-conditions

None.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. Users buy tickets in a raffle via `WinnablesTickerManager::buyTickets()`.
2. The raffle ends and not enough tickets were bought so `supply <= raffle.minTicketsThreshold` and `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle()` does not revert.
3. Malicious user calls `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle()` with incorrect `prizeManager` and `chainSelector`, not sending the message to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` on Ethereum such that the protocol may never claim the prize back.

Alternatively, the attack can be carried out in `WinnablesTicketManager::propagateRaffleWinner()`:

1. Users buy tickets in a raffle via `WinnablesTickerManager::buyTickets()`.
2. The raffle ends and enough tickets were bought so `supply >= raffle.minTicketsThreshold` and `WinnablesTicketManager::drawWinner()` is called.
3. After the request is fulfilled, malicious users call `WinnablesTicketManager::propagateRaffleWinner()` with incorrect `prizeManager` and `chainSelector`, not sending the message to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` on Ethereum such that the winner may never claim the prize.

### Impact

Loss of prize for the winner or protocol.

### PoC

It can be confirmed that no validation is performed on `prizeManager` and `chainSelector` in `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle()`, `WinnablesTicketManager::propagateRaffleWinner()` and `BaseCCIPSender::_sendCCIPMessage()`.

### Mitigation

Validate that `prizeManager` and `chainSelector` are whitelisted by adding:
```solidity
bytes32 counterpart = _packCCIPContract(_senderAddress, message.sourceChainSelector);
if (!_ccipContracts[counterpart]) revert UnauthorizedCCIPSender();
```