Fancy Blonde Mustang

High

# Functions can be call by anyone, rewards will be lost

## Summary

In the `WinnablesTicketManager.sol` contract, the externally callable functions `cancelRaffle` and `propagateRaffleWinner` allow any user to provide arbitrary values for the `chainSelector` parameter. This can lead to an inconsistent system state and potential issues with the raffle process.

## Vulnerability Detail

Consider the following scenario: 
1. Where a malicious user calls the `cancelRaffle` function with a random `chainSelector`. 
2. If the raffle can be canceled, the function will update the raffle status to "Cancelled" within the `WinnableTicketManager` and attempt to propagate this change to the wrong chain. 
3. This mismatch results in an inconsistent system state, where the raffle status is not correctly updated in the `WinnablePrizeManager`, leading to the reward being locked. 


A similar vulnerability exists in the `propagateRaffleWinner` function, where incorrect propagation will also result in the reward being locked within the `WinnablePrizeManager`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278-L288

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L334-L345

## Impact

Allowing arbitrary `chainSelector` values in the `WinnablesTicketManager::cancelRaffle` and `WinnablesTicketManager::propagateRaffleWinner` functions can cause severe inconsistencies, primarily leading to locked rewards. If these functions are called with incorrect `chainSelector` values, the raffle status will be not updated incorrectly in the `WinnablePrizeManager`, causing the prize to remain locked and inaccessible. This vulnerability could be exploited by malicious users to intentionally lock rewards and disrupt the raffle process.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function propagateRaffleWinner(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.FULFILLED) revert InvalidRaffleStatus();
        raffle.status = RaffleStatus.PROPAGATED;
        address winner = _getWinnerByRequestId(raffle.chainlinkRequestId);

        _sendCCIPMessage(prizeManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.WINNER_DRAWN), raffleId, winner));
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
        unchecked {
            _lockedETH -= raffle.totalRaised;
        }
    }

...

function cancelRaffle(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external { 
        _checkShouldCancel(raffleId);

        _raffles[raffleId].status = RaffleStatus.CANCELED;
        _sendCCIPMessage(
            prizeManager,
            chainSelector,
            abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.RAFFLE_CANCELED), raffleId)
        );
        IWinnablesTicket(TICKETS_CONTRACT).refreshMetadata(raffleId);
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Two fixes can be apply here. 

1. Implement Access Control:

Restrict Access: Ensure that only authorized users or contracts can call the cancelRaffle and propagateRaffleWinner functions. Implement access control mechanisms, such as role-based permissions, to control who can execute these functions.

2. Validate chainSelector Values:

Whitelist Chains: Implement a mechanism to ensure that the chainSelector is a valid and whitelisted chain. This prevents the system from sending messages to invalid or unauthorized chains.