Teeny Marmalade Ladybug

High

# Malicious user can block prize distribution and raffle cancellation in `WinnablesTicketManager`

### Summary

The `propagateRaffleWinner` and `cancelRaffle` functions in the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract allow any user to specify the destination contract address (`prizeManager`) and the `chainId` (`chainSelector`):

```solidity
    function propagateRaffleWinner(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
    function cancelRaffle(address prizeManager, uint64 chainSelector, uint256 raffleId) external {
```

This allows a malicious user to input arbitrary contract addresses and chain IDs. In both functions, the `_sendCCIPMessage()` method is used to send CCIP messages:

```solidity
        _sendCCIPMessage(prizeManager, chainSelector, abi.encodePacked(uint8(CCIPMessageType.RAFFLE_CANCELED), raffleId));
```

The `BaseCCIPSender` contract’s `_sendCCIPMessage()` function then calls the `ccipSend()` function to send messages to the CCIP Router with the user-specified destination `chainId`:

```solidity
        messageId = router.ccipSend(ccipDestChainSelector, message);
```

According to Chainlink CCIP's [`Router` contract](https://etherscan.io/address/0x80226fc0Ee2b096224EeAc085Bb9a8cba1146f7D#code), the `_sendCCIPMessage` function on Ethereum only checks if the destination `chainId` is supported by the onRamp contract. If it is, the message is forwarded without further validation:

```solidity
    address onRamp = s_onRamps[destinationChainSelector];
    if (onRamp == address(0)) revert UnsupportedDestinationChain(destinationChainSelector);
```

As a result, if a malicious user specifies a supported `chainId` and the `0` address in `propagateRaffleWinner` and `cancelRaffle`, the CCIP message will be sent to the destination chain without any issues. Since the `0` address is used, the message will not be received by the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract.

Exploiting this vulnerability, a malicious actor can call these functions with incorrect addresses, leading to:
1. Raffle winners being unable to claim prizes because the `RafflePrize.winner` cannot be correctly updated, defaulting to the `0` address.
2. The admin being unable to withdraw funds since the prize cannot be unlocked.

### Root Cause

The root cause is the unrestricted allowance for users to input the contract address of the `WinnablesPrizeManager` and a destination `chainId` in the `propagateRaffleWinner` and `cancelRaffle` functions of the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract. These variables should only be modifiable by an admin with role `0`, to prevent unauthorized changes.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. A winner can be selected from a raffle, or the raffle can be canceled.
2. The `ChainId` used by the malicious actor is supported by Chainlink CCIP.

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

1. The malicious user calls the `propagateRaffleWinner` or `cancelRaffle` function on the `WinnablesTicketManager.sol` contract.
2. The user provides an arbitrary or `0` address for the `prizeManager` and a supported `chainId` as the `chainSelector`.
3. The `_sendCCIPMessage()` function forwards the message via the `Chainlink CCIP Router`.
4. The CCIP message is sent, but because the destination address is `0` or incorrect, the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract on Ethereum does not receive the message.

### Impact

The affected party includes both raffle participants and admins:
- Participants: Suffer the inability to claim their raffle prizes.
- Admins: Cannot withdraw locked funds. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Update the `propagateRaffleWinner` and `cancelRaffle` functions in the `WinnablesTicketManager` contract to allow users to input only the `raffleId`. This change will prevent users from altering the `WinnablesPrizeManager` address and the destination `chainId` variables needed for CCIP messages.