Breezy White Swallow

High

# `_lockedETH` is not decreased in `WinnablesTicketManager#refundPlayers` will cause loss of funds to the owner when withdrawing ticket sales

### Summary

`_lockedETH` is not decreased in `WinnablesTicketManager#refundPlayers` will cause loss of funds to the owner when withdrawing ticket sales.

### Root Cause

In `WinnablesTicketManager#refundPlayers:215` `_lockedETH` is not decreased.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/e8b0603f6a155c7505dacc77194ae6789d0dbe7a/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L215

### Internal pre-conditions

1. There is a cancelled raffle. There is at least one player is refunded.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. The raffle with `raffleId = 1` was raised `1000` native tokens in total. Due to total ticket sales not over `raffle.minTicketsThreshold` before `raffle.endsAt`, the raffle was cancelled by calling `cancelRaffle`. Current state:
   - `_lockedETH = 1000`
   - `address(this).balance = 1000`
2. All the ticket sales of the raffle with `raffleId = 1` are refunded to the players by calling `refundPlayers`. Current state:
   - `_lockedETH = 1000`
   - `address(this).balance = 0`
3. The raffle with `raffleId = 2` was raised `4000` native tokens in total. The raffle is eligible to call `drawWinner`. Current state:
   - `_lockedETH = 5000`
   - `address(this).balance = 4000`
4. `propagateRaffleWinner` is called for the raffle with `raffleId = 2`. Current state:
   - `_lockedETH = 1000`
   - `address(this).balance = 4000`
5. The owner withdraw ticket sales for the raffle with `raffleId = 2` by calling `withdrawETH`. The amount of native tokens are sent to the owner `address(this).balance - _lockedETH = 4000 - 1000 = 3000`. The owner can withdraw only `3000` native tokens, when it is supposed for the owner to withdraw `4000` native tokens for ticket sales. There is a loss of `1000` native tokens to the owner.

### Impact

`_lockedETH` is wrongly accounted, which will prevent the owner from using `withdrawETH` to withdraw ticket sales correctly. This will cause loss of funds for the owner.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Decrease `_lockedETH` in `refundPlayers`

```diff
    function refundPlayers(uint256 raffleId, address[] calldata players) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.CANCELED) revert InvalidRaffle();
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length; ) {
            address player = players[i];
            uint256 participation = uint256(raffle.participations[player]);
            if (((participation >> 160) & 1) == 1) revert PlayerAlreadyRefunded(player);	
            raffle.participations[player] = bytes32(participation | (1 << 160));
            uint256 amountToSend = (participation & type(uint128).max);
+           _lockedETH -= amountToSend;
            _sendETH(amountToSend, player);
            emit PlayerRefund(raffleId, player, bytes32(participation));
            unchecked { ++i; }
        }
    }
```