Nutty Stone Bird

High

# Failure to Update _lockedETH Will Cause Withdrawal Failures for Contract Admin

### Summary

Missing update of  `_lockedETH` when refunding users after a canceled raffle will cause transfer failures in `withdrawETH`, as the contract’s internal state will inaccurately reflect locked ETH, leading to incorrect balance calculations.

### Root Cause

In `WinnablesTicketManager::refundPlayers`, the failure to update `_lockedETH` when refunding users after a canceled raffle is a mistake as it causes the contract’s internal state to inaccurately reflect the locked ETH, leading to incorrect balance calculations and transfer failures.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L224

In `WinnablesTicketManager::withdrawETH`, when an admin attempts to withdraw ETH, the transfer will fail due to an underflow or may result in transferring an excessively large amount of ETH. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L300

```solidity
   
    function withdrawETH() external onlyRole(0) {
        uint256 balance;
      
        unchecked {
            balance = address(this).balance - _lockedETH;
        }
        _sendETH(balance, msg.sender);
    }
```

This issue arises because `_lockedETH` can be greater than `address(this).balance`, causing an underflow during the subtraction. Consequently, all calls to `withdrawETH` will fail if the balance is insufficient, as the contract cannot accurately compute the available funds for withdrawal. If the contract holds a large amount of ETH, the function may incorrectly attempt to withdraw an excessive amount.




### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

All calls to withdraw ETH can fail if the balance is insufficient, as the contract cannot accurately compute the available funds.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To mitigate this issue, ensure that `_lockedETH` is accurately updated whenever ETH is refunded.