Keen Teal Aphid

High

# When a raffle is canceled funds will be stuck in `WinnablesTicketManager` contract.

### Summary

When a raffle is canceled with the `cancelRaffle` function, the variable `_lockedETH` is not updated/decreased.
This will leave the funds for that raffle to be stuck in the contract.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278

### Root Cause

The root cause of the problem is that at no point in the function the `_lockedETH` variable is decreased.
The variable stores funds locked in the contract, for example when `buyTickets` function is called it is updated by the msg.value.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L206
And in the `withdrawETH` function a calculation is made based on the `_lockedETH` variable.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/81b28633d0f450e33a8b32976e17122418f5d47e/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L303
Leaving those funds to not be able to be withdrawn and stuck in the contract

### Internal pre-conditions

1. An ETHraffle is created.
2. For some reason the raffle is not successful.
3. Someone cancels the raffle.
4. `_lockedETH` variable is not updated.

### External pre-conditions

1. Not enough people participate in the raffle and it is eligible for cancelation.
2. A user or admin cancels the raffle. The `cancelRaffle` is external and can be called by anyone.

### Attack Path

There is no attack path on this one. 
Simply oversight by the devs to not update the variable.

### Impact

All of the funds that are stored for the current raffle that is being canceled will be lost!

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Include update to the `_lockedETH` variable inside the `cancelRaffle` function.