Polite Canvas Eagle

High

# `_lockedETH` is never decremented on the cancellation of a raffle.

## Summary
`_lockedETH` in `WinnablesTicketManager` is never decremented on the cancellation of a raffle. This can lead to admin not being able to get the revenue from ticket sales.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a raffle is cancelled, using the `cancelRaffle` function, `_lockedETH` is never decremented. For instance, when `cancelRaffle` is called and it sends the CCIP message to the `WinnablesPrizeManager` contract, it calls the `_cancelRaffle` function which decrements a similar variable (_ethLocked) in `WinnablesPrizeManager`:

```solidity
        } else if (raffleType == RaffleType.ETH) {
            unchecked { _ethLocked -= _ethRaffles[raffleId]; }
```
Even when a winner is declared, `_lockedEth` is decremented in the `propagateRaffleWinner` function. Similar behaviours must be expected in `WinnablesTicketManager` as well, but `_lockedETH` is never decremented.

Let's say a raffle has been cancelled. We now know that `_lockedETH` is not decremented. So, this allows players of that raffle to get refunded as the RaffleStatus is now CANCELED. Once the players are refunded, the actual balance (`address(this).balance`) of the `WinnablesTicketManager` decreases, but `_lockedETH` does not decrease.

So, when the admin calls the `withdrawETH` function to get the revenue from the ticket sales of a previous successful raffle, maybe consider that the revenue from that previous raffle is less than the current amount that was refunded for the current raffle, in that case `address(this).balance` will be less than `_lockedETH` as `_lockedETH` is not decremented on raffle cancellation.

```solidity
    function withdrawETH() external onlyRole(0) {
        uint256 balance;
        unchecked {
            balance = address(this).balance - _lockedETH;
        }
        _sendETH(balance, msg.sender);
    }
```

Meaning the `balance` would be a very huge value as it is in an unchecked block and the subtraction `address(this).balance - _lockedETH` underflows. So, when eventually `_sendETH` is called, it would revert as the contract would not have such a high balance.

## Impact
Admin cannot get the revenue from ticket sales.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L278

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Decrease `_lockedETH` on Raffle cancellation.