Glorious Velvet Coyote

High

# [H-1] Admin funds will get locked due to unupdated `_lockedETH` for cancelled raffles

**File:** [WinnablesTicketManager.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L215-L228)
## Description:
`_lockedETH` is used to keep track of the total amount of ETH locked in the contract. It's value increases when a user buys ticket for a raffle with the amount of ETH user sent. When a raffle ends successfully, `_lockedETH` decreases by the `totalRaised` amount for that raffle. However, if there are not enough tickets sales, the raffle can be cancelled and participants can claim their funds back. The issue arises because `_lockedETH` is not updated while refunds are processed by calling `refundPlayers()` function.
```solidity
    function refundPlayers(uint256 raffleId, address[] calldata players) external {
        Raffle storage raffle = _raffles[raffleId];
        if (raffle.status != RaffleStatus.CANCELED) revert InvalidRaffle();
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length; ) {
            address player = players[i];
            uint256 participation = uint256(raffle.participations[player]);
            if (((participation >> 160) & 1) == 1) revert PlayerAlreadyRefunded(player);
            raffle.participations[player] = bytes32(participation | (1 << 160));
            uint256 amountToSend = (participation & type(uint128).max);
            _sendETH(amountToSend, player);
            //@audit - _lockedETH is not updated
            emit PlayerRefund(raffleId, player, bytes32(participation));
            unchecked { ++i; }
        }
    }
```
As a result, `_lockedETH` may incorrectly reflect more ETH than is actually locked in the contract. This can lead to a situation where the admin will not be able to withdraw the equivalant amount of ETH that was raised for a raffle that got cancelled in subsequent successful raffles. This will also lead to `withdrwaETH()` function to revert as it usesto unchecked subtraction to calculate the amount of ETH to be withdrawn.

## POC: 
- Consider a raffle raised 100ETH but was not able to reach `minTicketsThreshold` and got cancelled. The `_lockedETH` will not be updated after the refunds are processed and will still remain 100ETH. 
- Now, if a new raffle is created and raised 25 ETH and ended successfully with a winner. The admin should be able to withdraw the 25 ETH raised in this raffle. However, due to the incorrect `_lockedETH` (which still includes the 100 ETH from the cancelled raffle), the withdrawal attempt fails, triggering an overflow/underflow error because of unchecked subtraction of `balance` (25 ETH) and `_lockedETH` (75 ETH) in `withdrawETH()` function.
- If next raffle would have raised more than `_lockedETH` (100 ETH), the admin would have been able to withdraw the amount above value of `_lockedETH` but ETH value equivalent to `_lockedETH` would be locked in the contract.

## Liklihood: 
High, Everytime a raffle is cancelled, the `_lockedETH` will not be updated.

## Impact: 
High, Admin will not be able to withdraw the amount of ETH that was raised for a raffle that got cancelled.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Mitigation: 
Update the `_lockedETH` with the amount of refund that is being done in `refundPlayers()` function.
