Decent Scarlet Squid

High

# Funds from canceled raffles will be stuck in the contract

## Summary
When a raffle is canceled and users request refunds, an outdated `_lockedETH` can cause an underflow and block ETH withdrawals by the admin due to balance discrepancies

## Vulnerability Detail
When a raffle is canceled, users who have already bought tickets can refund their funds by calling the `refundPlayers` function. The amount they sent is retrieved from the participation mapping and is sent directly back to the player.

```solidity
uint256 amountToSend = (participation & type(uint128).max);
 _sendETH(amountToSend, player);
```

```solidity
 function _sendETH(uint256 amount, address to) internal {
        if (amount == 0) revert NothingToSend();
        (bool success, ) = to.call{value: amount}("");
        if (!success) revert ETHTransferFail();
    }
```

The storage variable `_lockedETH` represents the sum of all raffle prizes, indicating how much ETH are locked in the contract. When a user refunds their funds, the variable is not subtracted by the `amountToSend` , which will lead to incorrect tracking of how much ethers should be in the contract.

This miscalculation can be problematic because, when the admin tries to withdraw ETHs from other canceled raffles, the `address(this).balance `will be lower than `_lockedETH`, which will lead to an underflow when the `balance` variable is calculated. Consequently, sending ETH to the admin address will be blocked because the `balance` variable will be too large, causing the transaction to fail.

```solidity
/// @notice (Admin) Withdraw ETH from a canceled raffle or ticket sales
function withdrawETH() external onlyRole(0) {
    uint256 balance;
    unchecked {
        //@audit address(this).balance > _lockedETH -> underflow
        balance = address(this).balance - _lockedETH;
    }
     _sendETH(balance, msg.sender);
}
```

## Impact
Funds from canceled raffles will be stuck in the contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-08-winnables-raffles/blob/main/public-contracts/contracts/WinnablesTicketManager.sol#L224

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Subtract `_lockedETH` by `amountToSend` when a refund is made.